3 Decision Service This topic describes the information about decision service. This topic contains the following subtopics: •Overview This topic describes the overview about the Decision service. •Process FlowThis topic describes the information about the entire process flow for the Decisionservice. •Strategy ConfigurationThis topic describes the information about the strategy configuration for Decision service. •System ParameterThis topic describes the information about the system parameter configured in Decisionservice. •LookupThis topic describes the information about the lookup feature in Decision service. •Product ProcessorThis topic describes the information about the product processor. •Borrowing CapacityThis topic describes the information about the total amount the applicant is eligible toborrow. •Strategy ConfigurationThis topic describes the information about the strategy configuration. •Scoring FeatureThis topic describes the information about the scoring feature in Decision service. •Quantitative Scoring ModelThis topic describes the information about the Quantitative scoring model for the Decisionservice. •Decision Grade MatrixThis topic describes the information about the decision grade matrix feature. •PricingThis topic describes the information about the pricing feature in Decision service. •Validation ModelThis topic describes the information about the Validation model. •Qualitative Scoring ModelThis topic describes the information about the Qualitative scoring model for the Decisionservice. •QuestionnaireThis topic describes the information about the questionnaire used for credit analysis. •CounterThis topic describes the information about the counter feature. 3-1•Charge Code This topic describes the information about the charge code feature. •Execution SummaryThis topic describes the information to view the decisions, credit score and pricingfor the processed application. •Integrating Decision Service with Oracle Banking Routing HubThis topic describes the information to integrate the Decision service with OracleBanking Routing Hub. 3.1 Overview This topic describes the overview about the Decision service. The Decision service provides automatic decision making capabilities that can allow lenders to develop simple business processes and strengthen the decision-makingprocess. It gives flexibility to adjust the credit scoring model according to the lending policy.When an organization calls the decision service to make a decision based on data attributes shared, system solves the best fit scoring model and provide scores anddecisions. Decision Service is a robust and scalable system that can be easily integrated with any product processor providing auto decision capability and risk based pricing. Figure 3-1    Decision Service Overview Decision service can be called from various product processor such as Collections, Deposits, Loans, Insurance, Trade Finance or Payment etc. This product processorcalls the decision service and the decision service intern uses the rule engine toconfigure various complex rules. The decision service can calculate behavioral scores and suggest the best recommended collection strategy accordingly. For lending products, it can offer a creditChapter 3 Overview 3-2score, a decision based on the score, the recommended rate of interest and the ability to calculate which is the maximum amount that can be borrowed by the applicant. 3.2 Process Flow This topic describes the information about the entire process flow for the Decision service. Figure 3-2    Decision Service - Process Flow Questionnaire The first step is to get the questionnaire. The product processor sends the data of all the applicants in the application. A qualitative scoring model is resolved for each applicant andthis information along with the details of the questionnaire is sent back to the productprocessor. The product processor captures the response to the questions and sends back aspart of the second step which is the execution of the credit decision. Validation Model First step in execution of the credit decision is validation screening. In this application prescreening is done to check the basic eligibility of the application as per the bank’s policy.For example, if the bank’s policy is not to fund to property in flood prone area, then as a partof this step, if the property is in flood prone area then the application will be rejected and theapplication will not be processed further. Or the applicant’s minimum age should be morethen 18 and the applicant applying is of less than 18, in that case the application is rejected,and it will not be processed further. Borrowing Capacity Once eligibility is checked, the next step is borrowing capacity. This is the maximum loan amount the applicant is eligible for. The stage at which it is to be calculated depends on theconfiguration made. It can be calculated before the scoring after the decision. The loanamount considered for decision is minimum of requested loan amount or the amountcalculated for scoring, decision and pricing.Chapter 3 Process Flow 3-3Qualitative Score After borrowing capacity, the next step is qualitative scoring done using the feedback from the applicants for questionnaire. Quantitative Score After qualitative scoring next step is quantitative scoring where scoring is done using application and bureau attributes such as salary, number of credit lines, bureau score,etc. Decision and Grade The decision on the application is done based on the quantitative and qualitative scores. The decision can be approve, manual or decline. The borrowing capacity can also be calculated after the decision, in this case, the amount calculated will be used only for pricing. Pricing The last step is to determine the recommended interest rate. This is a risk-based price that refers to offering different interest rates to different customers depending on theirrisk exposure. 3.3 Strategy Configuration This topic describes the information about the strategy configuration for Decisionservice. Decision service is used for multiple purposes such as borrowing capacity, borrowing capacity plus pricing, only pricing, only decision, logical plus decision, etc. Systemshould have an ability to configure the strategy like when the decision service is beingcalled for borrowing capacity, should the request pass through the logical check. Inaddition, the product processor can configure different strategies for different producttypes or customer types. Strategy configuration allows the product processor toconfigure the strategy as per its requirements for all the modes for which decisionservice can be called. Separate strategy can be defined for origination, servicing orcollection. In addition, multiple strategy can be defined for the same module like fororigination, that is, multiple strategy can be defined. This maintenance allows theproduct processor to configure the strategy according to its need for all the modes forwhich the decision service can be called for. The various request types using which the product processor can call the decision service are mentioned below: •Score, Decision, and Pricing •Score and Decision •Scores •Pricing and Borrowing Capacity •Pricing •Borrowing Capacity •DecisionChapter 3 Strategy Configuration 3-4•Qualitative Score •Quantitative Score 3.4 System Parameter This topic describes the information about the system parameter configured in Decision service. System Parameter define the information or values used throughout the system and drives the behavior of the features. They control the way task is executed, or whether the systemperforms a particular task. Some of the parameters are set when the system is installed, butthe values associated with the parameter needs to be reviewed and is to be maintained. Example: •qualitativeScore •quantitativeScore •applicant_score •Requested Amount •CDS GRADE The fact associated to these system parameters are used programmatically and added in the pool of facts. To define the system parameters, the keys of the system parameters have to bedefined in a lookup called SYSPARAM. This topic contains the following subtopics: •Create System Parameter This topic describes the systematic instructions to create system parameter by updatingthe various details. •View System ParameterThis topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of configured systemparameter. 3.4.1 Create System Parameter This topic describes the systematic instructions to create system parameter by updating thevarious details. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Homescreen , click Core Maintenance , under Core Maintenance , click Credit Decision . 2.Under Credit Decision , click Maintenance , under Maintenance , click System Parameter , under System Parameter , click Create System Parameter . The Create System Parameter screen displays.Chapter 3 System Parameter 3-5Figure 3-3    Create System Parameter 3.On Create System Parameter  screen, specify the fields. Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-1    Create System Parameter - Field Description Field Description Parameter Code Select the parameter code from the drop-down list. Parameter Description Specify the short description for the parameter code. Product Processor Select the product processor from the drop-down list for which the parameter is being created. Value Specify the value for the parameter code. 4.Click Save  to save the details. The System Parameter  is successfully created and can be viewed using the View System Parameter  screen. 3.4.2 View System Parameter This topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of configured system parameter. The user can configure the system parameter using the Create System Parameter screen. The status of the created system parameter is displayed as Unauthorized  and Open . Once the checker authorizes the system parameter, the status is updated to Authorized  and Open . Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Homescreen , click Core Maintenance , under Core Maintenance , click Credit Decision . 2.Under Credit Decision , click Maintenance , under Maintenance , click System Parameter , under System Parameter , click View System Parameter . The View System Parameter  screen displays.Chapter 3 System Parameter 3-6Figure 3-4    View System Parameter For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-2    View System Parameter - Field Description Field Description Parameter Code Displays the parameter code. Description Displays the description of the parameter code. Product Processor Displays the product processor of the parameter. Authorization Status Displays the authorization status of the record. The options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Displays the status of the record. The options are: •Open •Closed Modification Number Displays the number of modification performed on the record. 3.On View System Parameter  screen, click    icon. The View System Parameter - Search  screen displays.Chapter 3 System Parameter 3-7Figure 3-5    View System Parameter - Search 4.On View System Parameter - Search  screen, specify the Search Filter  to fetch the required system parameter. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-3    View System Parameter - Search – Field Description Field Description Parameter Code Specify the parameter code. Authorization Status Select the authorization status from the drop-down list. The available options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Select the record status from the drop-down list. The available options are: •Open •Closed 5.Click Search  to display the required system parameter. 6.On View System Parameter  screen, click    icon to Unlock , Delete , Authorize  or View  the created parameters. 7.Click Unlock  to modify the created system parameter. The System Parameter Maintenance - Modify  screen displays.Chapter 3 System Parameter 3-8Figure 3-6    System Parameter Maintenance - Modify For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-4    System Parameter Maintenance - Modify - Field Description Field Description Parameter Code Displays the created parameter code. Parameter Description Displays the created parameter description. Product Processor Specify the product processor of the created parameter. Value Specify the value for the created parameter. 8.Click Save  to update the modified fields. 9.Click View  to view the created system parameter. The System Parameter Maintenance - View  screen displays. Figure 3-7    System Parameter Maintenance - View For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-5    System Parameter Maintenance - View - Field Description Field Description Parameter Code Displays the created parameter code. Parameter Description Displays the created parameter description. Product Processor Displays the product processor of the created parameter. Value Displays the value for the created parameter. 3.5 Lookup This topic describes the information about the lookup feature in Decision service. The lookup are the service for mapping of keys and values used to enrich the description of the data displayed to the user. The lookup screen allows user to define contents for a list ofChapter 3 Lookup 3-9drop-down or value fields. These are used throughout the system. The identified fields only accept the entries stored. Below are some examples of the lookup fields. •Static/Enumeration values–Decision: Like Approve, Decline, Manual. –Colour – like red, green etc. Colour is used to highlight the decision i.e. Approve to be highlighted in Green, Reject can be highlighted in Red. Thecolour and decision combination is configurable. –Grade like A, B, C etc. –Strategy Configuration Code –ScoringModelType, –ExecutionSteps, –ExecutionModes, –BWCExecStage, –QuestionType, –QuestionSubType •Dependent lookup based on another selection –Pricing lookup - Based on decision, Pricing should have different behaviour based on decision. This topic contains the following subtopics: •Create Lookup This topic describes the systematic instructions to create lookup definitions byupdating various details. •View LookupThis topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of configuredlookup for Decision Service. 3.5.1 Create Lookup This topic describes the systematic instructions to create lookup definitions byupdating various details. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Homescreen , click Core Maintenance , under Core Maintenance , click Credit Decision . 2.Under Credit Decision , click Maintenance , under Maintenance , click Lookup , under Lookup , click Create Lookup . The Create Lookup  screen displays.Chapter 3 Lookup 3-10Figure 3-8    Create Lookup 3.On Create Lookup  screen, specify the fields. Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-6    Create Lookup - Field Description Field Description Lookup Type Specify the unique lookup type name. Description Specify the short description for lookup. + button Click to add a new row. - button Click to delete a row that is already added. Lookup Code Specify the unique lookup code. Description Specify the short description for lookup. Sort Order Specify the sort order. Dependent IdentifierSpecify the dependent Identifier. Enable By default this option is enabled. Indicates if the lookup is enabled or not. 4.Click Save  to save the details. The Lookup  is successfully created and can be viewed using the View Lookup  screen. 3.5.2 View Lookup This topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of configured lookup for Decision Service. The user can configure the lookup using the Create Lookup  screen. The status of the created lookup is displayed as Unauthorized  and Open . Once the checker authorizes the lookup, the status is updated to Authorized  and Open . Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen.Chapter 3 Lookup 3-111.On Homescreen , click Core Maintenance , under Core Maintenance , click Credit Decision . 2.Under Credit Decision , click Maintenance , under Maintenance , click Lookup , under Lookup , click View Lookup . The View Lookup  screen displays. Figure 3-9    View Lookup For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-7    View Lookup - Field Description Field Description Lookup Type Displays the lookup type. Description Displays the description of the lookup type. Authorization Status Displays the authorization status of the record. The options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Displays the status of the record. The options are: •Open •Closed Modification Number Displays the number of modification performed on the record. 3.On View Lookup  screen, click    icon. The View Lookup - Search  screen displays.Chapter 3 Lookup 3-12Figure 3-10    View Lookup - Search 4.On View Lookup - Search  screen, specify the Search Filter  to fetch the required lookup. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-8    View Lookup – Search – Field Description Field Description Lookup Type Specify the lookup type name. Authorization Status Select the authorization status of the lookup. The options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Select the record status of the lookup. The options are: •Open •Closed 5.Click Search  to display the required lookup. 6.On View Lookup  screen, click    icon to Unlock , Delete , Authorize  or View  the created lookup. 7.Click Unlock  to modify the created lookup. The Lookup Maintenance - Modify  screen displays.Chapter 3 Lookup 3-13Figure 3-11    Lookup Maintenance - Modify For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-9    Lookup Maintenance - Modify - Field Description Field Description Lookup Type Displays the created lookup type. Description Specify the description of the lookup type. Lookup Code Displays the lookup code for the created lookup. Description Displays the description for the created lookup. Sort Order Displays the sort order for the created lookup. Dependent IdentifierDisplays the dependent identifier for the created lookup. Enable Displays the lookup code if enabled for the created lookup. 8.Click Save  to update the modified fields. 9.Click View  to view the created lookup code. The Lookup Maintenance - View  screen displays. Figure 3-12    Lookup Maintenance - View For more information on fields, refer to the field description table.Chapter 3 Lookup 3-14Table 3-10    Lookup Maintenance - View - Field Description Field Description Lookup Type Displays the created lookup type. Description Displays the created lookup type description. Lookup Code Displays the lookup code for the created lookup. Description Displays the description for the created lookup. Sort Order Displays the sort order for the created lookup. Dependent IdentifierDisplays the dependent identifier for the created lookup. Enable Displays the lookup code if enabled for the created lookup. 3.6 Product Processor This topic describes the information about the product processor. The source system calling the decision system for decisioning the credit application is defined as product processor. There are multiple data segments like account information, customerdetails, collateral details, credit bureau information or any additional notes if any is receivedfrom the product processor for credit decisioning and pricing in decision service. This topic contains the following subtopics: •Create Product Processor This topic describes the systematic instructions to create product processor by updatingvarious details. •View Product ProcessorThis topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of product processor. •Create Product ProcessorThis topic describes the systematic instructions to create product processor by updatingvarious details. •View Product ProcessorThis topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of product processor. 3.6.1 Create Product Processor This topic describes the systematic instructions to create product processor by updatingvarious details. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Homescreen , click Core Maintenance , under Core Maintenance , click Credit Bureau . 2.Under Credit Bureau , click Maintenance , under Maintenance , click Product Processor , under Product Processor , click Create Product Processor . The Create Product Processor screen displays.Chapter 3 Product Processor 3-15Figure 3-13    Create Product Processor 3.On Create Product Processor  screen, specify the fields. Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-11    Create Product Processor - Field Description Field Description Product ProcessorCode Specify the unique product processor code. ProductProcessorDescription Specify the short description for product processor. Effective Date Specify the effective date. Expiry Date Specify the expiry date. 4.Click Save  to save the details. The Product Processor  is successfully created and can be viewed using the  View Product Processor  screen. 3.6.2 View Product Processor This topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of product processor. The user can create the product processor using the Create Product Processor screen. The status of the created system parameter is displayed as Unauthorized  and Open.  Once the checker authorizes the system parameter, the status is updated to Authorized  and Open . Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Homescreen , click Core Maintenance , under Core Maintenance , click Credit Bureau .Chapter 3 Product Processor 3-162.Under Credit Bureau , click Maintenance , under Maintenance , click Product Processor , under Product Processor , click View Product Processor . The View Product Processor  screen displays. Figure 3-14    View Product Processor For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-12    View Product Processor - Field Description Field Description Product Processor Code Displays the product processor code. Product Processor DescriptionDisplays the description of the product processor. Authorization Status Displays the authorization status of the record. The options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Displays the status of the record. The options are: •Open •Closed Modification Number Displays the number of modification performed on the record. 3.On View Product Processor  screen, click    icon. The View Product Processor - Search  screen displays.Chapter 3 Product Processor 3-17Figure 3-15    View Product Processor - Search 4.On View Product Processor - Screen  screen, specify the Search Filter  to fetch the required product processor. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-13    View Product Processor - Search - Field Description Field Description Product Processor CodeSpecify the product processor code. Product ProcessorDescription Specify the product processor description. Authorization Status Select the authorization status of the product processor. The available options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Select the record status of the product processor. The available options are: •Open •Closed 5.Click Search  to display the required product processor.Chapter 3 Product Processor 3-186.On View Product Processor  screen, click    icon to Unlock , Delete , Authorize or View  the created product processor. 7.Click Unlock  to modify the created product processor. The Product Processor Maintenance - Modify  screen displays. Figure 3-16    Product Processor Maintenance - Modify For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-14    Product Processor Maintenance - Modify - Field Description Field Description Product Processor Code Displays the product processor code. Product Processor DescriptionDisplays the product processor description. User can modify the same. Effective Date Displays the effective date of the created product processor.User can modify the same before authorization if it is future dated. Expiry Date Displays the expiry date of the created product processor.User can modify the same. 8.Click Save  to update the modified fields. 9.Click View  to view the created product processor. The Product Processor Maintenance - View  screen displays.Chapter 3 Product Processor 3-19Figure 3-17    Product Processor Maintenance - View For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-15    Product Processor Maintenance - View - Field Description Field Description Product Processor CodeDisplays the product processor code. Product ProcessorDescription Displays the product processor description. Effective Date Displays the effective date of the created product processor. Expiry Date Displays the expiry date of the created product processor. 3.7 Borrowing Capacity This topic describes the information about the total amount the applicant is eligible to borrow. Maximum loan amount are used for loans, credit cards, and line of credit accounts. The maximum credit amount depends on a number of factors including the borrower’scredit worthiness, that is, financial profile and debt to income, loan term, loan purpose,whether the loan is supported by a collateral etc. Using this screen, the user can link a rule for calculating borrowing capacity. The user can calculate the maximum lendable amount based on the various criteria of thelender such as debt to income ratio, credit score, credit history, etc. A sample rule to calculate borrowing capacity is given below:Scenario: Based on Income and FICO scoreRule 1:IF MIN(FICO_SCORE) >= 500 AND MIN(EMPLOYMENT_PERIOD )< 1 YEARTHEN MULTIPLIER = 5ELSEIF MIN(FICO_SCORE) < 500 AND MIN(EMPLOYMENT_PERIOD) > 1 YEARTHEN MULTIPLIER = 4Rule2:  Max Lendable AmountChapter 3 Borrowing Capacity 3-20MIN(Income) * Rule1 This topic contains the following subtopics: •Create Borrowing Capacity This topic describes the systematic instructions to define the borrowing capacity basedon the various input. •View Borrowing CapacityThis topic describes the systematic instructions to view the borrowing capacity. 3.7.1 Create Borrowing Capacity This topic describes the systematic instructions to define the borrowing capacity based on thevarious input. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Homescreen , click Core Maintenance , under Core Maintenance , click Credit Decision . 2.Under Credit Decision , click Maintenance , under Maintenance , click Borrowing Capacity , under Borrowing Capacity , click Create Borrowing Capacity . The Create Borrowing Capacity  screen displays. Figure 3-18    Create Borrowing Capacity 3.On Create Borrowing Capacity  screen, specify the fields. Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table.Chapter 3 Borrowing Capacity 3-21Table 3-16    Create Borrowing Capacity - Field Description Field Description Borrowing Capacity CodeSpecify the unique borrowing capacity code. Borrowing CapacityDescription Specify a short description for the borrowing capacity. Effective Date Specify the effective date. Expiry Date Specify the expiry date. Product Processor Specify the product processor for which the borrowing capacity is being defined. Execution Stage Select the required option for execution stage from the drop-down list.The available options are: •Before Decision : If this option is selected, amount is calculated before scoring model resolution. Loan amount is replaced with the minimum of requested loan amountand maximum lendable amount for scoring and pricing. •After Decision : If this option is selected, Amount is calculated after decision and before pricing. Loan amountis replaced with the minimum of requested loan amountand maximum lendable amount for pricing. 4.On Create Borrowing Capacity  screen, click Selection Criteria  tab to define selection criteria rules. The Create Borrowing Capacity - Selection Criteria  screen displays.Chapter 3 Borrowing Capacity 3-22Figure 3-19    Create Borrowing Capacity - Selection Criteria For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-17    Create Borrowing Capacity - Selection Criteria - Field Description Field Description Use Existing Rule By default, this option is enabled. Indicates if the existing rule is linked. Rule Code Select the rule code from the drop down list.  Click this icon to get the information about the rule. Rule Name Displays the rule name for the selected rule code. New Select this option to create new rule. Code Specify the rule code. Description Specify the rule description. + icon Click this icon to add new expression.Chapter 3 Borrowing Capacity 3-23Table 3-17    (Cont.) Create Borrowing Capacity - Selection Criteria - Field Description Field Description Fact / Rules Select the fact or rule from the drop-down list. Once the user selects the fact/rules, one more field opens adjacentto the output, update the same based on the selected output option. Operator Select the comparison operator from the drop-down list.The available options are: •< •> •+ •= •% •!= •- •>= •<= •* •/ •Contains •In •Matches •NotMatches •NotContains •Notin Data Type Select the data type for the fact or rule. Once the user select the data type, one more field opens adjacentto the output, update the same based on the selected output option. The available options are: •Text •Number •Boolean •Date •Fact •Rules The below option appears if the Data Type  is selected as Boolean . •True •False Output Select the output from the drop-down list. Once the user select the data type, one more field opens adjacentto the output, update the same based on the selected output option. The available options are: •Text •Number •Boolean •Date •Fact •Rules The below option appears if the Data Type  is selected as Boolean . •True •FalseChapter 3 Borrowing Capacity 3-24Table 3-17    (Cont.) Create Borrowing Capacity - Selection Criteria - Field Description Field Description Expression Displays the expression updated in the expression builder. 5.On Create Borrowing Capacity  screen, click the Eligibility  to define eligibility. The Create Borrowing Capacity - Eligibility  screen displays. Figure 3-20    Create Borrowing Capacity - Eligibility For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-18    Create Borrowing Capacity - Eligibility - Field Description Field Description + icon Click this icon to add a new row. - icon Click this icon to delete a row, which is already added. Actions Select this check box corresponding to the row to be deleted. Fact ID Select the fact ID from the drop-down list. Rule ID Select the rule ID from the drop-down list.  Click this icon to get the information about the rule. 6.Click Save  to save the details. The Borrowing Capacity  is successfully created and can be viewed using the View Borrowing Capacity  screen.Chapter 3 Borrowing Capacity 3-253.7.2 View Borrowing Capacity This topic describes the systematic instructions to view the borrowing capacity. The user can configure the borrowing capacity using the Create Borrowing Capacity screen. The status of the created capacity is displayed as Unauthorized  and Open . Once the checker authorizes the capacity, the status is updated to Authorized  and Open . Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Homescreen , click Core Maintenance , under Core Maintenance , click Credit Decision . 2.Under Credit Decision , click Maintenance , under Maintenance , click Borrowing Capacity , under Borrowing Capacity , click View Borrowing Capacity . The View Borrowing Capacity  screen displays. Figure 3-21    View Borrowing Capacity For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-19    View Borrowing Capacity – Field Description Field Description Borrowing Capacity CodeDisplays the borrowing capacity code. Borrowing CapacityDescription Displays the borrowing capacity description. Product Processor Displays the product processor. Authorization Status Displays the authorization status of the record. The options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Displays the status of the record. The options are: •Open •Closed Modification Number Displays the number of modification performed on the record. 3.On View Borrowing Capacity  screen, click  Chapter 3 Borrowing Capacity 3-26icon. The View Borrowing Capacity - Search  screen displays. Figure 3-22    View Borrowing Capacity - Search 4.On View Borrowing Capacity - Search  screen, specify the Search Filter  to fetch the required borrowing capacity.For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-20    View Borrowing Capacity - Search – Field Description Field Description Borrowing Capacity CodeSpecify the borrowing capacity code. BorrowingCapacityDescription Specify the borrowing capacity description.Chapter 3 Borrowing Capacity 3-27Table 3-20    (Cont.) View Borrowing Capacity - Search – Field Description Field Description Authorization StatusSelect the authorization status from the drop-down list. The available options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Select the record status from the drop-down list. The available options are: •Open •Closed Modification NumberDisplays the number of modification performed on the record. 5.Click Search  to display to required borrowing capacity. 6.On View Borrowing Capacity  screen, click icon to Unlock , Delete , Authorize  or View  the created borrowing capacity. 7.Click Unlock  to modify the borrowing capacity. The Borrowing Capacity Maintenance - Modify  screen displays.Chapter 3 Borrowing Capacity 3-28Figure 3-23    Borrowing Capacity Maintenance - Modify Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-21    Borrowing Capacity Maintenance - Modify - Field Description Field Description Borrowing Capacity CodeDisplays the model code for the created borrowing capacity. BorrowingCapacityDescription The user can modify the model description for the created borrowing capacity. Effective Date The user can modify effective date for the borrowing capacity. Expiry Date The user can modify date of the created borrowing capacity. ProductProcessor Displays the product processor for the borrowing capacity. Execution Stage Displays execution stage for the borrowing capacity.Chapter 3 Borrowing Capacity 3-29Table 3-21    (Cont.) Borrowing Capacity Maintenance - Modify - Field Description Field Description Use Existing RuleIndicates if the existing rule is linked. Rule Code The user can modify the rule code for the created borrowing capacity.  Click this icon to get the information about the rule. Rule Name Displays the rule name of the rule code for the created borrowing capacity. Create New Rule The user can modify the rule code for the created borrowing capacity. Code Specify the new rule code for borrowing capacity. Description Specify the rule description for the borrowing capacity. Fact / Rules Displays the fact or rule for the created borrowing capacity. Operator Displays the comparison operator for the created borrowing capacity. Data Type Displays the data type for the fact or rule for the created borrowing capacity. Output Displays the output for the created borrowing capacity. Expression Displays the expression updated in the expression builder for the created borrowing capacity. Fact ID The user can modify the fact ID of the created borrowing capacity. Rule ID The user can modify the rule ID of the created borrowing capacity.  Click this icon to get the information about the rule. 8.Click Save  to update the modified fields. 9.Click View  to view the borrowing capacity. The Borrowing Capacity Maintenance – View  screen displays.Chapter 3 Borrowing Capacity 3-30Figure 3-24    Borrowing Capacity Maintenance – View For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-22    Borrowing Capacity Maintenance - View - Field Description Field Description Borrowing Capacity Code Displays the model code for the created borrowing capacity. Borrowing Capacity DescriptionDisplays the model description for the created borrowing capacity. Effective Date Displays effective date for the borrowing capacity. Expiry Date Displays date of the created borrowing capacity. Product Processor Displays the product processor for the borrowing capacity. Execution Stage Displays execution stage for the borrowing capacity. Use Existing Rule Indicates if the existing rule is linked. Rule Code Displays the rule code for the created borrowing capacity.  Click this icon to get the information about the rule.Chapter 3 Borrowing Capacity 3-31Table 3-22    (Cont.) Borrowing Capacity Maintenance - View - Field Description Field Description Rule Name Displays the rule name of the rule code for the created borrowing capacity. Create New Rule Displays the rule code for the created borrowing capacity. Code Displays the rule code for borrowing capacity. Description Displays the rule description for the borrowing capacity. Fact / Rules Displays the fact or rule for the created borrowing capacity. Operator Displays the comparison operator for the created borrowingcapacity. Data Type Displays the data type for the fact or rule for the created borrowingcapacity. Output Displays the output for the created borrowing capacity. Expression Displays the expression updated in the expression builder for thecreated borrowing capacity. Fact ID Displays the fact ID of the created borrowing capacity. Rule ID Displays the rule ID of the created borrowing capacity.  Click this icon to get the information about the rule. 3.8 Strategy Configuration This topic describes the information about the strategy configuration. Decision service is used for multiple purposes such as borrowing capacity, borrowing capacity plus pricing, only pricing, only decision, logical plus decision etc. Systemshould have an ability to configure the strategy like when the decision service is beingcalled for borrowing capacity, should the request pass through the logical check. Inaddition, the product processor can configure different strategies for different producttypes or customer types. Strategy configuration allows the product processor toconfigure the strategy as per its requirements for all the modes for which decisionservice can be called. Separate strategy can be defined for origination, servicing orcollection. In addition, multiple strategy can be defined for the same module like fororigination i.e. multiple strategy can be defined. This maintenance allows the productprocessor to configure the strategy according to its need for all the modes for whichthe decision service can be called for. This topic contains the following subtopics: •Create Strategy Configuration This topic describes the systematic instructions to create strategy configuration asper the requirement. •View Strategy ConfigurationThis topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of strategyconfiguration.Chapter 3 Strategy Configuration 3-323.8.1 Create Strategy Configuration This topic describes the systematic instructions to create strategy configuration as per the requirement. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Homescreen , click Core Maintenance , under Core Maintenance , click Credit Decision . 2.Under Credit Decision , click Maintenance , under Maintenance , click Strategy Configuration , under Strategy Configuration , click Create Strategy Configuration . The Create Strategy Configuration  screen displays. Figure 3-25    Create Strategy Configuration 3.On Create Strategy Configuration  screen, specify the fields. Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table.Chapter 3 Strategy Configuration 3-33Table 3-23    Create Strategy Configuration - Field Description Field Description Strategy Code Specify the unique strategy code. Strategy Code DescriptionSpecify the short description for the strategy code. ProductProcessor Specify the product processor for which the strategy is being configured. Product ProcessorDescription Displays the product processor description. Industry Select the industry type from the drop-down list . The values are configurable based on the lookup values maintained. The available options are: •Banking Industry •Insurance •Trade Finance Line Of BusinessSelect the line of business type from the drop-down list . The values are configurable based on the lookup values maintained. The available options are: •Corporate •Retail •SMEnt Account CategoryIndicates whether the strategy created is for asset or Liabilities. Module Select the module from the drop-down list . The values are configurable based on the lookup values maintained. The available options are: •Collection •Origination •Servicing Effective Date Specify the effective date. Expiry Date Specify the expiry date. + button Click to add a new facts. - button Click to delete a row that is already added. Type Select the fact type from the drop-down list. Value Select the value configured for the fact type from the drop-down list. The values are configurable based on the lookup values maintained.Chapter 3 Strategy Configuration 3-34Table 3-23    (Cont.) Create Strategy Configuration - Field Description Field Description Modes Select the modes from the drop-down list. The available options are: •Borrowing Capacity •decision & Grade •Pricing •Qualitative Score •Quantitative Score •Score •Score and Decision •Score, Decision & Pricing If the Module  is selected as Collection , then below options are available. •Decision & Grade •Qualitative Score •Quantitative Score •Score •Score and Decision Steps Steps are defined based on the modes selected. Example: If Borrowing Capacity  mode is selected, the check box for borrowing capacity is by default selected and disabled. Y ou can select the other steps. 4.Click Save  to save the details. The Strategy Configuration  is successfully created and can be viewed using the View Strategy Configuration  screen. 3.8.2 View Strategy Configuration This topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of strategy configuration. The user can create the strategy configuration using the Create Strategy Configuration screen. The status of the created strategy configuration is displayed as Unauthorized  and Open . Once the checker authorizes the strategy configuration, the status is updated to Authorized  and Open . Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Homescreen , click Core Maintenance , under Core Maintenance , click Credit Decision . 2.Under Credit Decision , click Maintenance , under Maintenance , click Strategy Configuration , under Strategy Configuration , click View Strategy Configuration . The View Strategy Configuration  screen displays.Chapter 3 Strategy Configuration 3-35Figure 3-26    View Strategy Configuration For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-24    View Strategy Configuration - Field Description Field Description Strategy Code Displays the strategy code. Strategy DescriptionDisplays the description of the strategy. ProductProcessor Displays the product processor of the strategy. AuthorizationStatus Displays the authorization status of the record. The options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Displays the status of the record. The options are: •Open •Closed Modification NumberDisplays the number of modification performed on the record. 3.On View Strategy Configuration  screen, click icon. The View Strategy Configuration - Search  screen displays.Chapter 3 Strategy Configuration 3-36Figure 3-27    View Strategy Configuration - Search 4.On View Strategy Configuration - Search  screen, specify the Search Filter  to fetch the required strategy configuration. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-25    View Strategy Configuration - Search – Field Description Field Description Strategy Code Specify the strategy code. Strategy Description Specify the description of the strategy. Authorization Status Select the authorization status from the drop-down list. The available options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Select the record status from the drop-down list. The available options are: •Open •Closed 5.Click Search  to display the required strategy configuration. 6.On View Strategy Configuration  screen, Click  Chapter 3 Strategy Configuration 3-37icon, to Unlock , Delete , Authorize  or View  the created strategy configuration. 7.Click Unlock  to modify the created strategy configuration. The Strategy Configuration Maintenance - Modify  screen displays. Figure 3-28    Strategy Configuration Maintenance - Modify For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-26    Strategy Configuration Maintenance - Modify - Field Description Field Description Strategy Code Displays the created strategy code. Strategy Code DescriptionDisplays the created strategy code description. ProductProcessor Displays the product processor for the created strategy configuration. ProductProcessorDescription Displays the product processor description for the created strategy configuration. Account CategoryDisplays the account category for the created strategy configuration. Module Displays the module for the created strategy configuration. Effective Date Displays the effective date for the created strategy configuration. Expiry Date Select the expiry date for the created strategy configuration.Chapter 3 Strategy Configuration 3-38Table 3-26    (Cont.) Strategy Configuration Maintenance - Modify - Field Description Field Description Type Displays the fact type for the created strategy configuration. Value Displays the fact value for the created strategy configuration. Steps Specify the steps defined for the created strategy configuration. 8.Click Save  to update the modified fields. 9.Click View  to view the created strategy configuration. The Strategy Configuration Maintenance - View  screen displays. Figure 3-29    Strategy Configuration Maintenance - View For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-27    Strategy Configuration Maintenance - View - Field Description Field Description Strategy Code Displays the created strategy code. Strategy Code DescriptionDisplays the created strategy code description. ProductProcessor Displays the product processor for the created strategy configuration. ProductProcessorDescription Displays the product processor description for the created strategy configuration.Chapter 3 Strategy Configuration 3-39Table 3-27    (Cont.) Strategy Configuration Maintenance - View - Field Description Field Description Account CategoryDisplays the account category for the created strategy configuration. Module Displays the module for the created strategy configuration. Effective Date Displays the effective date for the created strategy configuration. Expiry Date Displays the expiry date for the created strategy configuration. Type Displays the fact type for the created strategy configuration. Value Displays the fact value for the created strategy configuration. Steps Displays the steps defined for the created strategy configuration. 3.9 Scoring Feature This topic describes the information about the scoring feature in Decision service. Lending institution have complex credit scoring models. The model uses the information contained in an application such as salary, credit commitments, and pastloan performances to determine a credit score of an application or an existingcustomer. The model generates a score and based on that score, system takes thedecision like approve, referred or to reject the application. To achieve these, in thedecision service, you need to define maintenances of scoring feature. A feature can beeither fact based or rule based. The features created in this maintenance can be linkedin quantitative score model and decision grade matrix screen. This topic contains the following subtopics: •Create Scoring Feature This topic describes the systematic instructions to configure the scoring feature fordetermining the credit score. •View Scoring FeatureThis topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of scoring feature. 3.9.1 Create Scoring Feature This topic describes the systematic instructions to configure the scoring feature fordetermining the credit score. This score applies to applications during origination and based on the information received from the product processor. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Homescreen , click Core Maintenance , under Core Maintenance , click Credit Decision . 2.Under Credit Decision , click Maintenance , under Maintenance , click Scoring Feature , under Scoring Feature , click Create Scoring Feature . The Create Scoring Feature  screen displays.Chapter 3 Scoring Feature 3-40Figure 3-30    Create Scoring Feature 3.On Create Scoring Feature  screen, specify the fields. Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-28    Create Scoring Feature - Field Description Field Description Feature Code Specify the unique feature code. Feature DescriptionSpecify a short description for the feature. ProductProcessor Specify the product processor for which the feature is being created. Rule Select the rule, if it is required to define the feature. This option is used to decide whether the feature is rule based or fact based. The available options are: •Yes •No Fact Code Select the fact code to be mapped to the feature from the drop-down list.This field is enabled if the Rule  is selected as No. Fact Name Specify the fact name of the feature.This field is enabled if the Rule  is selected as No. Rule Code Select the rule code to be mapped to the feature from the drop-down list.This field is enabled if the Rule  is selected as Yes.  Click this icon to get the information about the rule. Rule Name Specify the rule name for the selected rule.This field is enabled if the Rule  is selected as Yes. 4.Click Save  to save the details. The Scoring Feature  is successfully created and can be viewed using the View Scoring Feature  screen.Chapter 3 Scoring Feature 3-413.9.2 View Scoring Feature This topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of scoring feature. The user can configure the scoring feature using the Create Scoring Feature  screen. The status of the created scoring feature is displayed as Unauthorized  and Open . Once the checker authorizes the model, the status is updated to Authorized  and Open . Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Homescreen , click Core Maintenance  under Core Maintenance , click Credit Decision . 2.Under Credit Decision , click Maintenance , under Maintenance , click Scoring Feature , under Scoring Feature , click View Scoring Feature . The View Scoring Feature  screen displays. Figure 3-31    View Scoring Feature For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-29    View Scoring Feature – Field Description Field Description Feature Code Displays the feature code. Feature Description Displays the description of the feature. Product Processor Displays the product processor for which the feature is created. Authorization Status Displays the authorization status of the record.The options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Displays the status of the record. The options are: •Open •Closed Modification Number Displays the number of modification performed on the record. 3.On View Scoring Feature  screen, Click  Chapter 3 Scoring Feature 3-42icon. The View Scoring Feature - Search  screen displays. Figure 3-32    View Scoring Feature - Search For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-30    View Scoring Feature - Search – Field Description Field Description Feature Code Specify the feature code. Feature Description Specify the feature description. Authorization Status Select the authorization status from the drop-down list. The available options are: •Authorized •Rejected •UnauthorizedChapter 3 Scoring Feature 3-43Table 3-30    (Cont.) View Scoring Feature - Search – Field Description Field Description Record Status Select the record status from the drop-down list. The available options are: •Open •Closed 4.Click Search  to display the required scoring feature. 5.On View Scoring Feature  screen, click icon to Unlock , Delete , Authorize  or View  the created scoring feature. 6.Click Unlock  to modify the created scoring feature.. The Scoring Feature Maintenance - Modify  screen displays. Figure 3-33    Scoring Feature Maintenance - Modify Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-31    Scoring Feature Maintenance - Modify - Field Description Field Description Feature Code Displays the feature code. Feature DescriptionThe user can modify the feature description. ProductProcessor Displays the product processor for the created scoring feature. Rule The user can modify the rule defined to the feature. Rule Code The user can modify the rule code of the feature. This field is displayed, if the Rule  is selected as Yes.Chapter 3 Scoring Feature 3-44Table 3-31    (Cont.) Scoring Feature Maintenance - Modify - Field Description Field Description  Click this icon to get the information about the rule. Rule Name Displays the rule name of the feature. This field is displayed, if the Rule  is selected as Yes. Fact Code The user can modify the fact code of the feature.This field is displayed, if the Rule  is selected as No. Fact Name Displays the fact name of the feature.This field is displayed, if the Rule  is selected as No. 7.Click Save  to update the modified fields. 3.10 Quantitative Scoring Model This topic describes the information about the Quantitative scoring model for the Decision service. Quantitative analysis involves, an assessment of the financial position based on the customer’s income and monthly expenses. It may also include a cash flow analysis of thecustomer’s accounts and credit history. Banks usually grant loan based on a credit scoring model that combines quantitative and qualitative analysis. This topic contains the following subtopics: •Create Quantitative Scoring Model This topic describes the systematic instructions to configure the quantitative scoringmodel based on the various scoring parameters. •View Quantitative Scoring ModelThis topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of configured quantitativescoring model. 3.10.1 Create Quantitative Scoring Model This topic describes the systematic instructions to configure the quantitative scoring modelbased on the various scoring parameters. The parameters driving the scoring models are configurable. The user can create quantitative scoring model by updating various details. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Homescreen , click Core Maintenance , under Core Maintenance , click Credit Decision . 2.Under Credit Decision , click Maintenance , under Maintenance , click Quantitative Scoring Model , under Quantitative Scoring Model , click Create Quantitative Scoring Model .Chapter 3 Quantitative Scoring Model 3-45The Create Quantitative Scoring Model  screen displays. Figure 3-34    Create Quantitative Scoring Model 3.On Create Quantitative Scoring Model  screen, specify the fields. Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-32    Create Quantitative Scoring Model - Field Description Field Description Scoring Model Select the scoring model from the drop-sown list. The available options are: •Application Scoring Model •Applicant Scoring Model •Multi-Applicant Scoring Model Scoring Model CodeSpecify the unique scoring model code. Scoring ModelDescription Specify a short description for the scoring model. Effective Date Specify the effective date. Expiry Date Specify the expiry date. Product Processor Specify the product processor for which the model is being created. Priority Specify the priority of the model. 4.Click the Selection Criteria  to define quantitative scoring model. The Create Quantitative Scoring Model - Selection Criteria  screen displays.Chapter 3 Quantitative Scoring Model 3-46Figure 3-35    Create Quantitative Scoring Model - Selection Criteria For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-33    Create Quantitative Scoring Model - Selection Criteria - Field Description Field Description Use Existing Rule By default, this option is enabled. Indicates if the existing rule is linked. Rule Code Select the rule code from the drop down list.  Click this icon to get the information about the existing rule. Rule Name Displays the rule name of the selected rule code. Create New Rule Select this option to create new rule. Code Specify the rule code. Description Specify the rule description. + icon Click this icon to add new expression.Chapter 3 Quantitative Scoring Model 3-47Table 3-33    (Cont.) Create Quantitative Scoring Model - Selection Criteria - Field Description Field Description Fact / Rules Select the fact or rule from the drop-down list. Once the user selects the fact/rules, one more field opens adjacent tothe output, update the same based on the selected output option. Operator Select the comparison operator from the drop-down list.The available options are: •< •> •+ •= •% •!= •- •>= •<= •* •/ •Contains •In •Matches •NotMatches •NotContains •Notin Data Type Select the data type for the fact or rule. Once the user select the data type, one more field opens adjacent to theoutput, update the same based on the selected output option. The available options are: •Text •Number •Boolean •Date •Fact •Rules The below option appears if the Data Type  is selected as Boolean . •True •False Output Select the output from the drop-down list. Once the user select the data type, one more field opens adjacent to theoutput, update the same based on the selected output option. The available options are: •Text •Number •Boolean •Date •Fact •Rules The below option appears if the Data Type  is selected as Boolean . •True •FalseChapter 3 Quantitative Scoring Model 3-48Table 3-33    (Cont.) Create Quantitative Scoring Model - Selection Criteria - Field Description Field Description Expression Displays the expression updated in the expression builder. 5.Click the Scoring Rule  to define the rules. This tab is enabled if Application Scoring Model  is selected. The Create Quantitative Scoring Model - Scoring Rule  screen displays. Figure 3-36    Create Quantitative Scoring Model - Scoring Rule For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-34    Create Quantitative Scoring Model - Scoring Rule - Field Description Field Description Rule Code Select the rule code from the drop-down list.  Click this icon to get the information about the rule. Rule Name Displays the rule name of the rule code. 6.Click the Feature  tab to define the feature. This tab is enabled if Applicant Scoring Model  and Multiple Applicant Scoring Model  is selected. The Create Quantitative Scoring Model - Feature  screen displays.Chapter 3 Quantitative Scoring Model 3-49Figure 3-37    Create Quantitative Scoring Model - Feature For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-35    Create Quantitative Scoring Model - Feature - Field Description Field Description + icon Click this icon to add a new row. - icon Click this icon to delete a row, which is already added. Feature Select the feature from the drop-down list. Weightage (%) Specify the weightage to be assigned to each feature code. Range Type Select the range type from the drop down list. The available options are: •Max Value •Param Percent% •Value For Applicant Scoring Model , this field is editable. Define Range/Value Click the Define  link to define the score for the expected response. Enable By default, this option is enabled. Indicates if the scoring parameter is enabled or not. 7.Click the Define  link to define a range or absolute values for each scoring feature to be considered for scoring model and score for that range or value. In case the data type of feature is numeric such as Bureau score, the Create Quantitative Scoring Model - Define Link - Numeric Feature  screen displays.Chapter 3 Quantitative Scoring Model 3-50Figure 3-38    Create Quantitative Scoring Model - Define Link - Numeric Feature For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-36    Create Quantitative Scoring Model - Define Link – Numeric Feature - Field Description Field Description Range Type Displays the range type selected. Max Value Specify the maximum value on which scoring has to be done, if range type ID is Max Value % or Param %. + icon Click this icon to add a new row. - icon Click this icon to delete a row, which is already added. Range From Specify the minimum range of value based on which scoring is to bedone. Range To Specify the maximum range of value based on which scoring is to bedone. Score/Percentage Specify the percentage to be assigned for each range or value, if rangetype is Max value % or Param %. Specify the score to be assigned for each range or value, if range type is Value.Chapter 3 Quantitative Scoring Model 3-51Table 3-36    (Cont.) Create Quantitative Scoring Model - Define Link – Numeric Feature - Field Description Field Description Category Specify the category for each range or value from the drop-down list. The values are configurable based on the lookup values maintained.The available options are: •Strong •Medium •Weak If the data type of feature is alphanumeric such as Employment Category, the below screen appears. Figure 3-39    Create Quantitative Scoring Model - Define Link –Alphanumeric Feature For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-37    Create Quantitative Scoring Model - Define Link –AlphanumericFeature - Field Description Field Description Range Type Displays the range type selected. The default value for the same is Value . Max Value Specify the maximum value for the range type.Chapter 3 Quantitative Scoring Model 3-52Table 3-37    (Cont.) Create Quantitative Scoring Model - Define Link – Alphanumeric Feature - Field Description Field Description + icon Click this icon to add a new row. - icon Click this icon to delete a row, which is already added. Value Specify the value of the feature. Score Specify the score assigned for each range value. Category Specify the category for each range or value from the drop-down list.The available options are: •Strong •Medium •Weak 8.Click Done  to save the data and close the range panel. 9.Click Save  to save the details. The Quantitative Scoring Model  is successfully created and can be viewed using the  View Quantitative Scoring Model  screen. 3.10.2 View Quantitative Scoring Model This topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of configured quantitative scoring model. The user can configure the qualitative scoring model using the Create Quantitative Scoring Model  screen. The status of the uploaded model is displayed as Unauthorized  and Open . Once the checker authorizes the model, the status is updated to Authorized  and Open . Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Homescreen , click Core Maintenance , under Core Maintenance , click Credit Decision . 2.Under Credit Decision , click Maintenance , under Maintenance , click Quantitative Scoring , under Quantitative Scoring Model , click View Quantitative Scoring Model . The View Quantitative Scoring Model  screen displays. Figure 3-40    View Quantitative Scoring Model For more information on fields, refer to the field description table.Chapter 3 Quantitative Scoring Model 3-53Table 3-38    View Quantitative Scoring Model – Field Description Field Description Scoring Model Code Displays the scoring model code. Scoring Model DescriptionDisplays the description of the scoring model. Product ProcessorCode Displays the product processor code Authorization Status Displays the authorization status of the record. The options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Displays the status of the record. The options are: •Open •Closed Modification Number Displays the number of modification performed on the record. 3.On View Quantitative Scoring Model  screen, click icon. The View Quantitative Scoring Model - Search  screen displays.Chapter 3 Quantitative Scoring Model 3-54Figure 3-41    View Quantitative Scoring Model - Search For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-39    View Quantitative Scoring Model - Search – Field Description Field Description Scoring Model Code Specify the scoring model code. Scoring Model DescriptionSpecify the description of the scoring model. Authorization Status Select the authorization status from the drop-down list. The available options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Select the record status from the drop-down list. The available options are: •Open •Closed 4.On View Quantitative Scoring Model  screen, click Chapter 3 Quantitative Scoring Model 3-55icon to Unlock , Delete , Authorize  or View  the created quantitative scoring model. 5.Click Unlock  to modify the created quantitative scoring model. The Quantitative Scoring Model Maintenance - Modify  screen displays. Figure 3-42    Quantitative Scoring Model Maintenance - Modify Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-40    Quantitative Scoring Model Maintenance - Modify - FieldDescription Field Description Application Scoring ModelDisplays the application scoring model. Scoring Model Code Displays the qualitative scoring model code for the created quantitative scoring model.Chapter 3 Quantitative Scoring Model 3-56Table 3-40    (Cont.) Quantitative Scoring Model Maintenance - Modify - Field Description Field Description Scoring Model DescriptionThe user can modify the quantitative scoring model description for the created quantitative scoring model. Effective Date Displays the effective date of the created quantitative scoringmodel.The user can modify the same before authorization. Expiry Date Displays the expiry date of the created quantitative scoringmodel.The user can modify the same before authorization. Product Processor Displays the product processor for the created quantitativescoring model. Priority The user can modify the priority of the created quantitativescoring model. Use Existing Rule The user can modify the existing rule if linked. Rule Code Displays the rule code for the created quantitative scoringmodel.  Click this icon to get the information about the rule. Rule Name Displays the rule name of the rule code for the createdquantitative scoring model. Code Displays the rule code. Description Displays the rule description. + icon This icon can add new expression. Fact / Rules Displays the fact or rule of the created quantitative scoringmodel. Operator Displays the comparison operator of the created quantitativescoring model. Data Type Displays the data type for the fact or rule for the createdquantitative scoring model. Output Displays the output for the created quantitative scoring model. Expression Displays the expression updated in the expression builder forthe created quantitative scoring model. Feature This tab is enabled for the Applicant Scoring Model . + icon This icon adds new row. - icon This icon deletes a row, which is already added. Feature Displays the feature for the created quantitative scoring model. Weightage (%) The user can modify the weightage assigned to each featurefor the created quantitative scoring model. Range Type Displays the range type for the created quantitative scoringmodel. Define Range/Value Displays the range/value defined for the created quantitativescoring model. Range From The user can modify the minimum range of value based onwhich scoring is done.Chapter 3 Quantitative Scoring Model 3-57Table 3-40    (Cont.) Quantitative Scoring Model Maintenance - Modify - Field Description Field Description Range To The user can modify the maximum range of value based on which scoring is done Score The user can modify the score for each range or value. Category The user can modify the category for the created quantitativescoring model. Enable Displays parameter for the created quantitative scoring model. Scoring Rule This tab is enabled for the Application Scoring Model . Rule Code Displays the rule code for the created quantitative scoringmodel.  Click this icon to get the information about the rule. Rule Name Displays the rule name of the rule code for the createdquantitative scoring model. 6.Click Save  to update the modified fields. 7.Click View  to view the created quantitative scoring model. The Quantitative Scoring Model Maintenance – View  screen displays.Chapter 3 Quantitative Scoring Model 3-58Figure 3-43    Quantitative Scoring Model Maintenance – View For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-41    Quantitative Scoring Model Maintenance - View - Field Description Field Description Scoring Model Displays the application scoring model. Scoring Model CodeDisplays the qualitative scoring model code for the created quantitative scoring model. Scoring Model DescriptionDisplays the quantitative scoring model description for the created quantitative scoring model. Effective Date Displays the effective date of the created quantitative scoring model.The user can modify the same before authorization. Expiry Date Displays the expiry date of the created quantitative scoring model.The user can modify the same before authorization. Product ProcessorDisplays the product processor for the created quantitative scoring model. Priority The user can modify the priority of the created quantitative scoring model. Use ExistingRule The user can modify the existing rule if linked.Chapter 3 Quantitative Scoring Model 3-59Table 3-41    (Cont.) Quantitative Scoring Model Maintenance - View - Field Description Field Description Rule Code Displays the rule code for the created quantitative scoring model.  Click this icon to get the information about the rule. Rule Name Displays the rule name of the rule code for the created quantitative scoring model. Create New Rule Displays the rule code for the created quantitative scoring model. Code Displays the rule code. Description Displays the rule description. + icon This icon can add new expression. Fact / Rules Displays the fact or rule of the created quantitative scoring model. Operator Displays the comparison operator of the created quantitative scoring model. Data Type Displays the data type for the fact or rule for the created quantitative scoringmodel. Output Displays the output for the created quantitative scoring model. Expression Displays the expression updated in the expression builder for the createdquantitative scoring model. Feature This tab is enabled for the Applicant Scoring Model . + icon This icon adds new row. - icon This icon deletes a row, which is already added. Feature Displays the feature for the created quantitative scoring model. Weightage (%) Displays the weightage assigned to each feature for the created quantitativescoring model. Range Type Displays the range type for the created quantitative scoring model. Define Range/ ValueDisplays the range/value defined for the created quantitative scoring model. Range From The user can modify the minimum range of value based on which scoring is done. Range To The user can modify the maximum range of value based on which scoring isdone Score Displays the score for each range or value. Category Displays the category for the created quantitative scoring model. Enable Displays parameter for the created quantitative scoring model. Scoring Rule This tab is enabled for the Application Scoring Model . Rule Code Displays the rule code for the created quantitative scoring model.  Click this icon to get the information about the rule. Rule Name Displays the rule name of the rule code for the created quantitative scoringmodel.Chapter 3 Quantitative Scoring Model 3-603.11 Decision Grade Matrix This topic describes the information about the decision grade matrix feature. The Decision Grade Matrix can define the decision and grade based on the score calculated by the scoring model. This topic contains the following subtopics: •Create Decision Grade Matrix This topic describes the systematic instructions to create decision and grade matrix byupdating various details. •View Decision Grade MatrixThis topic describes the systematic instructions to view the decision grade matrix. 3.11.1 Create Decision Grade Matrix This topic describes the systematic instructions to create decision and grade matrix byupdating various details. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Homescreen , click Core Maintenance , under Core Maintenance , click Credit Decision . 2.Under Credit Decision , click Maintenance , under Maintenance , click Decision Grade Matrix , under Decision Grade Matrix , click Create Decision Grade Matrix . The Create Decision Grade Matrix  screen displays. Figure 3-44    Create Decision Grade Matrix 3.On Create Decision Grade Matrix  screen, specify the fields. Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table.Chapter 3 Decision Grade Matrix 3-61Table 3-42    Create Decision Grade Matrix - Field Description Field Description Model Code Specify the unique model code. Model Description Specify a short description for the model. Effective Date Specify the effective date. Expiry Date Specify the expiry date. Product Processor Specify the product processor for which the decision and grade matrix is being created. Priority Specify the priority of the model. 4.Click the Selection Criteria  to configure the parameters based on which decision model is to be resolved. The Create Decision Grade Matrix - Selection Criteria  screen displays. Figure 3-45    Create Decision Grade Matrix - Selection Criteria For more information on fields, refer to the field description table.Chapter 3 Decision Grade Matrix 3-62Table 3-43    Create Decision Grade Matrix - Selection Criteria - Field Description Field Description Use Existing RuleBy default, this option is enabled. Indicates if the existing rule is linked. Rule Code Select the rule code from the drop down list.  Click this icon to get the information about the rule. Rule Name Displays the rule name of the rule code. Create New Rule Select this option to create new rule. + icon Click this icon to add new expression. Fact / Rules Select the fact or rule from the drop-down list. Once the user selects the fact/rules, one more field opens adjacent to theoutput, update the same based on the selected output option. Operator Select the comparison operator from the drop-down list. The available optionsare: •< •> •+ •= •% •!= •- •>= •<= •* •/ •Contains •In •Matches •NotMatches •NotContains •Notin Data Type Select the data type for the fact or rule. Once the user select the data type, one more field opens adjacent to theoutput, update the same based on the selected output option. The available options are: •Text •Number •Boolean •Date •Fact •Rules The below option appears if the Data Type  is selected as Boolean . •True •FalseChapter 3 Decision Grade Matrix 3-63Table 3-43    (Cont.) Create Decision Grade Matrix - Selection Criteria - Field Description Field Description Output Select the output from the drop-down list. Once the user select the data type, one more field opens adjacent to theoutput, update the same based on the selected output option. The available options are: •Text •Number •Boolean •Date •Fact •Rules The below option appears if the Data Type  is selected as Boolean . •True •False Expression Displays the expression updated in the expression builder. 5.Click the Decision Matrix  to define decision on the application. The user can select the feature for which the decision needs to be maintained like Quantitative/ Qualitative. The Create Decision Grade Matrix - Decision Matrix  screen displays. Figure 3-46    Create Decision Grade Matrix - Decision Matrix For more information on fields, refer to the field description table.Chapter 3 Decision Grade Matrix 3-64Table 3-44    Create Decision Grade Matrix - Decision Matrix - Field Description Field Description Add Column Click this button to add features for which decision has to be maintained. On click of Add Column , all the features are shown in the drop down list. Select the feature to be added. Click save to add the feature. If the feature is numeric type, two columns gets added in the table From and To. If the feature is character/alphanumeric type onecolumn Value gets added. System should not save, if no feature have been added. User can click Cancel to close the window. Link a Rule? Select the appropriate radio button to link a rule to the features.The options are: •Yes - If this option is selected, the system displays the list of rules. Based on the rule mapped, the decision is provided. •No - If this option is selected, the system displays the list of decision lookup values. + icon Click this icon to add a new row. - icon Click this icon to delete a row, which is already added. Score From Specify the minimum range of score for the decision. Score To Specify the maximum range of score for the decision. Decision Specify the decision of an application from the drop-down list. The values are configurable based on the look up valuesmaintained The available options are: •Approved •Manual •Rejected Rule Displays the rules based on which decision is to be made.This field is enabled if Link a Rule?  option is updated as Yes. 6.Click the Grade Matrix  to assign the grade to the application that is used during the pricing of the application. You can select the feature for which the grade needs to be maintained like Quantitative/Qualitative. The Create Decision Grade Matrix - Grade Matrix  screen displays.Chapter 3 Decision Grade Matrix 3-65Figure 3-47    Create Decision Grade Matrix - Grade Matrix For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-45    Create Decision Grade Matrix - Grade Matrix - Field Description Field Description Add Column Click Add Column , for addition of features for which decision has to be maintained. Link a Rule? Select the appropriate radio button to link a rule to the features. The options are: •Yes - If this option is selected, the system displays the list of rules. Based on the rule mapped, the decision is provided. •No - If this option is selected, the system displays the list of decision lookup values.  Click this icon to delete a column, which is already added. + icon Click this icon to add a new row. - icon Click this icon to delete a row, which is already added. Score From Specify the minimum range of score for the grade. Score To Specify the maximum range of score for the grade. Grade Specify the grade of the application based on the score scored. The values are configurable based on the look up values maintained.The available options are: •A •B •CChapter 3 Decision Grade Matrix 3-66Table 3-45    (Cont.) Create Decision Grade Matrix - Grade Matrix - Field Description Field Description Value Specify the value for which the grade has to be maintained. This field appears only if the data type of feature is Numeric such asAge, FICO score. Rule Displays the rules based on which decision is to be made. This field is enabled if Link a Rule?  option is updated as Yes. 7.Click Save  to save the details. The Decision Grade Matrix  is successfully created and can be viewed using the View Decision and Grade Matrix  screen. 3.11.2 View Decision Grade Matrix This topic describes the systematic instructions to view the decision grade matrix. The user can create the decision grade matrix using the  Create Decision Grade Matrix screen. The status of the uploaded model is displayed as Unauthorized  and Open . Once the checker authorizes the matrix, the status is updated to Authorized  and Open . Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Homescreen , click Core Maintenance , under Core Maintenance , click Credit Decision . 2.Under Credit Decision , click Maintenance , under Maintenance , click Decision Grade Matrix , under Decision Garde Matrix , click View Decision Grade Matrix . The View Decision Grade Matrix  screen displays. Figure 3-48    View Decision Grade Matrix For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-46    View Decision Grade Matrix – Field Description Field Description Model Code Displays the model code. Model Description Displays the model description.Chapter 3 Decision Grade Matrix 3-67Table 3-46    (Cont.) View Decision Grade Matrix – Field Description Field Description Product Processor Displays the product processor for which the model is created. Record Status Displays the status of the record. Modification Number Displays the number of modification performed on the record. 3.On View Decision Grade Matrix  screen, click icon. The View Decision Grade Matrix - Search  screen displays. Figure 3-49    View Decision Grade Matrix - Search For more information on fields, refer to the field description table.Chapter 3 Decision Grade Matrix 3-68Table 3-47    View Decision Grade Matrix - Search – Field Description Field Description Model Code Specify the model code. Model Description Specify the model description. Authorization Status Select the authorization status from the drop-down list. The available options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Select the record status from the drop-down list. The available options are: •Open •Closed 4.On View Decision Grade Matrix  screen, click icon to Unlock , Delete , Authorize  or View  the created decision grade matrix. 5.Click Unlock  to modify the created decision grade matrix. The Decision Grade Maintenance - Modify  screen displays.Chapter 3 Decision Grade Matrix 3-69Figure 3-50    Decision Grade Maintenance - Modify Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-48    Decision Grade Maintenance - Modify - Field Description Field Description Model Code Displays the model code for the created decision grade matrix. Model Description The user can modify the model description for the created decision grade matrix. Effective Date The user can modify effective date for the decision gradematrix. Expiry Date The user can modify date of the created decision grade matrix. Product Processor Displays the product processor for the decision grade matrix. Priority The user can modify the priority of the created decision gradematrix.Chapter 3 Decision Grade Matrix 3-70Table 3-49    Selection Criteria - Field Description Field Description Use Existing Rule Indicates if the existing rule is linked. Rule Code The user can modify the rule code for the created decision grade matrix.  Click this icon to get the information about the rule. Rule Name Displays the rule name of the rule code for the created decisiongrade matrix. Create New Rule The user can modify the rule code for the created decision gradematrix. Description Specify the rule description for the decision grade matrix. Code Specify the new rule code for decision grade matrix. Table 3-50    Expression Builder - Field Description Field Description + icon This icon can add new expression. Fact / Rules Displays the fact or rule for the created decision grade matrix. Operator Displays the comparison operator for the created decision gradematrix. Data Type Displays the data type for the fact or rule for the created decisiongrade matrix. Output Displays the output for the created decision grade matrix. Expression Displays the expression updated in the expression builder for thecreated decision grade matrix. Table 3-51    Decision Matrix - Field Description Field Description Add Column Click this button to add features for which decision has to bemaintained. Link a Rule? Select the appropriate radio button to link a rule to the features.The options are: •Yes - If this option is selected, the system displays the list of rules. Based on the rule mapped, the decision is provided. •No - If this option is selected, the system displays the list of decision lookup values. + icon Click this icon to add new row. - icon Click this icon to delete a row, which is already added. Score From Specify the minimum range of score for the decision. Score To Specify the maximum range of score for the decision.Chapter 3 Decision Grade Matrix 3-71Table 3-51    (Cont.) Decision Matrix - Field Description Field Description Decision Specify the decision of an application. The values configurable based on the lookup values maintained. The available options are: •Approved •Manual •Rejected Rule Displays the rules based on which decision is to be made.This field is enabled if Link a Rule?  option is updated as Yes. Table 3-52    Grade Matrix - Field Description Field Description Add Column Click this button to add features for which grade has to be maintained. + icon Click this icon to add new row. - icon Click this icon delete a row, which is already added. Score From Specify the minimum range of score for the grade. Score To Specify the maximum range of score for the grade. Grade Specify the grade of an application based on the score scored.The values configurable based on the lookup valuesmaintained. The available options are: •A •B •C 6.Click Save  to update the modified fields. 7.Click View  to view the decision grade matrix. The Decision Grade Maintenance – View  screen displays.Chapter 3 Decision Grade Matrix 3-72Figure 3-51    Decision Grade Maintenance – View For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-53    Decision Grade Maintenance - View - Field Description Field Description Model Code Displays the model code for the created decision grade matrix. Model Description Displays the model description for the created decision grade matrix. Effective Date Displays the effective date for the decision grade matrix. Expiry Date Displays the expiry date of the created decision grade matrix. Product Processor Displays the product processor for the decision grade matrix. Priority Displays the priority of the created decision grade matrix. Table 3-54    Selection Criteria - Field Description Field Description Use Existing Rule Indicates if the existing rule is linked. Rule Code Displays the rule code for the created decision grade matrix.Chapter 3 Decision Grade Matrix 3-73Table 3-54    (Cont.) Selection Criteria - Field Description Field Description  Click this icon to get the information about the rule. Rule Name Displays the rule name of the rule code for the created decision grade matrix. Create New Rule Displays the rule code for the created decision grade matrix. Code Specify the new rule code for decision grade matrix. Description Specify the rule description for the decision grade matrix. Table 3-55    Expression Builder - Field Description Field Description + icon Click this icon to add new expression. Fact / Rules Displays the fact or rule for the created decision grade matrix. Operator Displays the comparison operator for the created decisiongrade matrix. Data Type Displays the data type for the fact or rule for the createddecision grade matrix. Output Displays the output for the created decision grade matrix. Expression Displays the expression updated in the expression builder forthe created decision grade matrix. Table 3-56    Decision Matrix - Field Description Field Description Add Column Click this button to add features for which decision has to bemaintained. + icon Click this icon to add new row. - icon Click this icon to delete a row, which is already added. Score From Displays the minimum range of score for the decision. Score To Displays the maximum range of score for the decision. Decision Displays the decision of an application. The valuesconfigurable based on the look up values maintained. The available options are: •Approved •Manual •Rejected Rule Displays the rules based on which decision is to be made.This field is enabled if Link a Rule?  option is updated as Yes.Chapter 3 Decision Grade Matrix 3-74Table 3-57    Grade Matrix - Field Description Field Description Add Column Click this button to add features for which grade has to be maintained. + icon Click this icon to add new row. - icon Click this icon to delete a row, which is already added. Score From Displays the minimum range of score for the grade. Score To Displays the maximum range of score for the grade. Grade Displays the grade of an application based on the score scored. Thevalues configurable based on the look up values maintained. The available options are: •A •B •C Rule Displays the rules based on which grade is to be made.This field is enabled if Link a Rule?  option is updated as Yes. 3.12 Pricing This topic describes the information about the pricing feature in Decision service. Risk-based pricing refers to the offering of different interest rates to different customers depending on their credit worthiness. Thus, not all borrowers for the same product receivesthe same interest rate and credit terms. This means that high-risk borrowers who are lesslikely to repay their loans in full and on time will be charged higher rate of interest. While thelow risk borrowers, having greater capacity to make payments will be charged lower rate ofinterest. This topic contains the following subtopics: •Create Pricing Model This topic describes the systematic instructions to create pricing model based on variouspricing parameter by updating various details. •View Pricing ModelThis topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of pricing model. 3.12.1 Create Pricing Model This topic describes the systematic instructions to create pricing model based on variouspricing parameter by updating various details. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Homescreen , click Core Maintenance , under Core Maintenance , click Credit Decision . 2.Under Credit Decision , click Maintenance , under Maintenance , click Pricing Model , under Pricing Model , click Create Pricing Model . The Create Pricing Model  screen displays.Chapter 3 Pricing 3-75Figure 3-52    Create Pricing Model 3.On Create Pricing Model  screen, specify the fields. Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-58    Create Pricing Model - Field Description Field Description Pricing Code Specify the unique pricing code. Pricing DescriptionSpecify a short description for the pricing. Effective Date Specify the effective date. Expiry Date Specify the expiry date. ProductProcessor Specify the product processor for which the pricing is being created. Priority Specify the priority of the pricing. 4.Click the Selection Criteria  to define pricing model. The Create Pricing Model - Selection Criteria  screen displays.Chapter 3 Pricing 3-76Figure 3-53    Create Pricing Model – Selection Criteria For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-59    Create Pricing Model – Selection Criteria - Field Description Field Description Use Existing RuleBy default, this option is enabled. Indicates if the existing rule is linked. Rule Code Select the rule code from the drop-down list.  Click this icon to get the information about the rule. Rule Name Displays the rule name of the rule code.Chapter 3 Pricing 3-77Table 3-59    (Cont.) Create Pricing Model – Selection Criteria - Field Description Field Description Create New Rule Select this option to create new rule. Code Specify the rule code. Description Specify the rule description. + icon Click this icon to add new expression. Fact / Rules Select the fact or rule from the drop-down list. Once the user selects the fact/rules, one more field opens adjacent to theoutput, update the same based on the selected output option. Operator Select the comparison operator from the drop-down list.The available options are: •< •> •+ •= •% •!= •- •>= •<= •* •/ •Contains •In •Matches •NotMatches •NotContains •Notin Data Type Select the data type for the fact or rule. Once the user select the data type, one more field opens adjacent to theoutput, update the same based on the selected output option. The available options are: •Text •Number •Boolean •Date •Fact •Rules The below option appears if the Data Type  is selected as Boolean . •True •FalseChapter 3 Pricing 3-78Table 3-59    (Cont.) Create Pricing Model – Selection Criteria - Field Description Field Description Output Select the output from the drop-down list. Once the user select the data type, one more field opens adjacent to theoutput, update the same based on the selected output option. The available options are: •Text •Number •Boolean •Date •Fact •Rules The below option appears if the Data Type  is selected as Boolean . •True •False Expression Displays the expression updated in the expression builder. 5.Click Price Definition  to define the pricing. 6.Select the Rate Type  options as Flat to specify the flat rate. The Create Pricing Model – Price Definition (Flat)  screen displays. Figure 3-54    Create Pricing Model – Price Definition (Flat) For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-60    Create Pricing Model – Price Definition (Flat) - Field Description Field Description Minimum Rate Specify the minimum rate applicable for the defined pricing code. Maximum Rate Specify the maximum rate applicable for the defined pricing code. Rate Type Select the rate type from the drop-down list as Flat.Chapter 3 Pricing 3-79Table 3-60    (Cont.) Create Pricing Model – Price Definition (Flat) - Field Description Field Description Link a Rule? Select the option whether to link a rule to derive the price. The options are: •Yes •No Rate % Specify the interest rate application for the defined pricing.This field displays once you select the Rate Type  option as Flatand Link a Rule?  option as No. Rule Select the rule for the defined pricing from the drop-down list.This field appears once you select the Rate Type  option as Flat and Link a Rule?  option as Yes. 7.Select the Rate Type  options as Tiered  to link the list of features. 8.Click Add Columns  to select and link the features. The Add Features  screen displays. Figure 3-55    Add Features 9.Select the feature names from the list. (‘n’ number of features can be selected) 10.Select the option whether to link a rule for defining the interest rate.Chapter 3 Pricing 3-8011.Click Save  to link the list of features for defining the tiered interest rate. The Create Pricing Model – Price Definition (Tiered)  screen displays. Figure 3-56    Create Pricing Model – Price Definition (Tiered) For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-61    Create Pricing Model – Price Definition (Tiered) - Field Description Field Description Minimum Rate Specify the minimum rate applicable for the defined pricing code. Maximum Rate Specify the maximum rate applicable for the defined pricing code. Rate Type Select the rate type from the drop-down list as Tiered . <Numeric Feature> FromSpecify the minimum numeric value of feature to which the interest rate is applicable. <Numeric Feature> ToSpecify the maximum numeric value of feature to which the interest rate is applicable. <Character Feature> ValueSpecify the alphabetic value for which the interest rate is applicable. Rate % Specify the interest rate applicable for the defined tier. This field appears once you select the Rate Type  option as Tiered  and Link a Rule?  option as No.Chapter 3 Pricing 3-81Table 3-61    (Cont.) Create Pricing Model – Price Definition (Tiered) - Field Description Field Description Rule Select the rule for the defined tier from the drop-down list. This field appears once you select the Rate Type  option as Tiered  and Link a Rule?  option as Yes. 12.Click Save  to save the details. The Pricing Model  is successfully created and can be viewed using View Pricing Model  screen. 3.12.2 View Pricing Model This topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of pricing model. The user can create the pricing model using the Create Pricing Model  screen. The status of the uploaded model is displayed as Unauthorized  and Open . Once the checker authorizes the model, the status is updated to Authorized  and Open . Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Homescreen , click Core Maintenance , under Core Maintenance , click Credit Decision . 2.Under Credit Decision , click Maintenance , under Maintenance , click . Pricing , under Pricing , click View Pricing Model . The View Pricing Model  screen displays. Figure 3-57    View Pricing Model For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-62    View Pricing Model – Field Description Field Description Pricing Code Displays the pricing code. Pricing DescriptionDisplays the description of the pricing model.Chapter 3 Pricing 3-82Table 3-62    (Cont.) View Pricing Model – Field Description Field Description Authorization StatusDisplays the authorization status of the record. The options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Displays the status of the record. The options are: •Open •Closed Modification NumberDisplays the number of modifications performed on the record. 3.On View Pricing Model  screen, click icon. The View Pricing Model - Search  screen displays. Figure 3-58    View Pricing Model - Search Chapter 3 Pricing 3-83For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-63    View Pricing Model - Search – Field Description Field Description Pricing Code Specify the pricing code. Pricing Description Specify the description of the pricing model. Authorization Status Select the authorization status from the drop-down list. The available options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Select the record status from the drop-down list. The available options are: •Open •Closed 4.On View Pricing Model - Search  screen, click icon to Unlock , Delete , Authorize  or View  the created pricing model. 5.Click Unlock  to modify the created pricing model. The Pricing Model Maintenance - Modify  screen displays.Chapter 3 Pricing 3-84Figure 3-59    Pricing Model Maintenance - Modify Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-64    Pricing Model Maintenance - Modify - Field Description Field Description Pricing Code Displays the pricing code for the created quantitative pricing model. Pricing Description Specify the pricing description for the created pricing model. Effective Date Specify the effective date for the created pricing model. Expiry Date Specify the expiry date for the created pricing model. Product Processor Displays the product processor for the created pricing model. Priority Specify the priority of the created pricing model. Use Existing Rule Specify the existing rule if linked. Rule Code Specify the rule code for the created pricing model.Chapter 3 Pricing 3-85Table 3-64    (Cont.) Pricing Model Maintenance - Modify - Field Description Field Description  Click this icon to get the information about the rule. Rule Name Displays the rule name. Create New Rule Specify the new rule linked to the pricing model. Code Specify the new rule code for the created pricing model. Description Specify the rule description for the created pricing model. + icon Click this icon can add new expression. Fact / Rules Displays the fact or rule of the created pricing model. Operator Displays the comparison operator of the created pricing model. Data Type Displays the data type for the fact or rule for the created pricing model. Output Displays the output for the created pricing model. Expression Displays the expression updated in the expression builder for thecreated pricing model. Pricing Definition The below listed fields appear in Pricing Definition  tab. Minimum Rate Specify the minimum rate applicable for the defined pricing model. Maximum Rate Specify the maximum rate applicable for the defined pricing model. Rate Type Select the range type for the created pricing model from the drop-down list.The available options are: •Flat •Tiered Rate% Specify the interest rate application for the defined pricing. Note: This field appears once the user select the Rate Type option as Flat and Link a Rule?  option as Yes. Rule Select the rule for the defined pricing. Note: This field appears once the user select the Rate Type option as Flat and Link a Rule?  option as Yes.Chapter 3 Pricing 3-86Table 3-64    (Cont.) Pricing Model Maintenance - Modify - Field Description Field Description <Numeric Feature> From Specify the minimum numeric value of feature to which the interest rate is applicable. Note: This field displays if the Rate Type  is selected as Tiered . <Numeric Feature> To Specify the maximum numeric value of feature to which the interestrate is applicable. Note: This field displays if the Rate Type  is selected as Tiered . <Character Feature> ValueSpecify the alphabetic value for which the interest rate is applicable. Note: This field displays if the Rate Type  is selected as Tiered . Rate% Specify the interest rate applicable for the defined tier. Note: This field appears once you select the Rate Type  option as Tiered  and Link a Rule?  option as No. Rule Select the rule for the defined tier. Note: This field appears once the user select the Rate Type option as Tiered  and Link a Rule?  option as Yes. 6.Click Save  to update the modified fields. 7.Click View  to view the created quantitative scoring model. The Pricing Model Maintenance – View  screen displays.Chapter 3 Pricing 3-87Figure 3-60    Pricing Model Maintenance - View For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-65    Pricing Model Maintenance - View - Field Description Field Description Pricing Code Displays the pricing code for the created quantitative pricing model. Pricing Description Displays the pricing description for the created pricing model. Effective Date Displays effective date for the created pricing model. Expiry Date Displays date for the created pricing model. Product Processor Displays the product processor for the created pricing model. Priority Displays the priority of the created pricing model. Use Existing Rule Displays the existing rule if linked. Rule Code Displays the rule code for the created pricing model.  Click this icon to get the information about the rule. Rule Name Displays the rule name. Create New Rule Displays the new rule linked to the pricing model.Chapter 3 Pricing 3-88Table 3-65    (Cont.) Pricing Model Maintenance - View - Field Description Field Description Code Specify the new rule code for the created pricing model. Description Specify the rule description for the created pricing model. + icon This icon can add new expression. Fact / Rules Displays the fact or rule of the created pricing model. Operator Displays the comparison operator of the created pricing model. Data Type Displays the data type for the fact or rule for the created pricing model. Output Displays the output for the created pricing model. Expression Displays the expression updated in the expression builder forthe created pricing model. Pricing Definition The below fields appears in the Pricing Definition  tab. Minimum Rate Displays the minimum rate applicable for the defined pricingmodel. Maximum Rate Displays the maximum rate applicable for the defined pricingmodel. Rate Type Displays the range type for the created pricing model from thedrop-down list. The available options are: •Flat •Tiered Rate% Displays the interest rate application for the defined pricing. Note: This field appears once the user select the Rate Type  as Flat and Link a Rule?  option as Yes. Rule Displays the rule for the defined pricing. Note: This field appears once you select the Rate Type option as Flat and Link a Rule?  option as Yes. <Numeric Feature> FromDisplays the minimum numeric value of feature to which the interest rate is applicable. Note: This field displays if the Rate Type  is selected as Tiered .Chapter 3 Pricing 3-89Table 3-65    (Cont.) Pricing Model Maintenance - View - Field Description Field Description <Numeric Feature> To Displays the maximum numeric value of feature to which the interest rate is applicable. Note: This field displays if the Rate Type  is selected as Tiered . <Character Feature> ValueDisplays the alphabetic value for which the interest rate is applicable. Note: This field displays if the Rate Type  is selected as Tiered . Rate% Displays the interest rate applicable for the defined tier. Note: This field appears once you select the Rate Type option as Tiered  and Link a Rule?  option as No. Rule Displays the rule for the defined tier. Note: This field appears once you select the Rate Type option as Tiered  and Link a Rule?  option as Yes. 3.13 Validation Model This topic describes the information about the Validation model. During credit decision, system evaluates a credit score that represents the creditworthiness of an individual. Banks also do an initial evaluation by using somerules to decide whether to proceed with credit decisioning process or not. A bank canperform this evaluation by maintaining a Validation model. Multiple levels of rule canbe setup in Validation model. The system will process the next step of creditdecisioning only if all the rules are satisfied. If any rule fails, then system will stop theprocessing and decline the request. This topic contains the following subtopics:Chapter 3 Validation Model 3-90