2 Bureau Integration Service This topic provides the overview about the Bureau Integration Service. Bureau Integration Service facilitates financial institutions to send requests to the credit bureau agencies for credit scores and reports. It also facilitates viewing reports received fromthe bureaus. The credit report presents the credit information of an individual or a company, which is fetched by credit bureaus from various financial institutions. It is a detailed report, whichcontains the history of borrowings, repayment routine, defaults, and delays. This reportcontains vital information about a customer’s credit score, personal information, employmentdetails, contact information, and details of accounts in various banks of a given geographicalregion. The objective of this report is to present the financial history of an individual or acompany, which further helps a bank to take a decision on granting a loan based on the creditscore of a company or an individual. For requesting and receiving the credit reports, bureau integration service is integrated with the financial institution or the product processor. The oracle banking routing hub facilitates routing and transforming the information between the product processor, the underlying integration service and the bureau. The flow is asfollows: 1.The product processor requests bureau integration service for credit reports. It providesthe required customer information for whom the report is requested. 2.The routing hub transforms the data and forwards the request to the bureau integration service. 3.Once the integration service receives the request, the data is processed based onvarious criteria. The criteria contain the rules and facts of the product processor that aremaintained in the rules engine. 4.Bureaus to be called are identified based on evaluation of the rules. 5.The integration service then sends the request to the routing hub, which transforms thedata and sends the request to the respective credit bureaus. 6.The bureau processes the request and sends the credit report back. 7.The routing hub receives the report and transforms the report as per the defined templateand sends it back to bureau integration service. 8.Bureau integration service then saves the data, displays the credit report, and sends thesame to the product processor through the routing hub. One or more bureaus can be called based on evaluation of the rules. The bureaus can beeither called simultaneously or based on the response from the previous bureau call. Bureau integration service maintains aging for credit report of an applicant. History service allows to store and pull existing credit report of an individual customer. The integrationservice retrieves report from history for those applicants if subsequent call to same bureau ismade within defined period, beyond which a new credit report is called from the bureau.Existing credit reports from history are sent back to the product processor. 2-1In case of multiple applicants being received by bureau integration service as a part of a lending application, based on the evaluation of criteria, the integration serviceconsolidates all the multiple bureau responses into one and sends it to the productprocessor. A new bureau can be added with only a configuration and without any change in the code. Two lookup types are required to be created in the bureau integration service.One for bureau and another for bureau product type. The additional maintenancerequired is configuration of the new bureau in the routing hub. Bureau integration service supports override of criteria rules if the product processor wants to call a specific bureau or bureau product, for an applicant. In such cases,bureau service will not check criteria for rules evaluation. Instead, bureau service willcall the bureau as intimated by the product processor in the request. Here, productprocessor can list one or more bureau’s to be called. Bureau Integration service supports decoding of encoded pdf string from a bureau response to a pdf report using web content document server. The document servergenerates a unique document ID for each record stored. Bureau service can accessthe pdf reports using this document ID. The below flow diagram depicts how bureau integration service works with the integrated product processor and interfaces with the routing hub for fetching anddisplaying the credit bureau reports: Figure 2-1    Bureau Integration Service •Overview This topic describes the overview about the Decision service. •System ParameterThis topic describes the information about the system parameter configured inBureau Integration service. •LookupThis topic describes the information about the lookup feature in Bureau Integrationservice.Chapter 2 2-2•Product Processor This topic describes the information about the product processor. •CriteriaThis topic describes the information about the criteria to identify the Credit Bureau. •Credit Bureau DisplayThis topic describes the information about Credit Bureau display. •Integrating Bureau Integration Service with Oracle Banking Routing HubThis topic describes the information to integrate the Bureau Integration service withOracle Banking Routing Hub. 2.1 Overview This topic describes the overview about the Decision service. The Decision service provides automatic decision making capabilities that can allow lenders to develop simple business processes and strengthen the decision-making process. It gives flexibility to adjust the credit scoring model according to the lending policy.When an organization calls the decision service to make a decision based on data attributes shared, system solves the best fit scoring model and provide scores and decisions. Decision Service is a robust and scalable system that can be easily integrated with any product processor providing auto decision capability and risk based pricing. Figure 2-2    Decision Service Overview Decision service can be called from various product processor such as Collections, Deposits, Loans, Insurance, Trade Finance or Payment etc. This product processor calls the decisionservice and the decision service intern uses the rule engine to configure various complexrules. The decision service can calculate behavioral scores and suggest the best recommended collection strategy accordingly. For lending products, it can offer a credit score, a decisionChapter 2 Overview 2-3based on the score, the recommended rate of interest and the ability to calculate which is the maximum amount that can be borrowed by the applicant. 2.2 System Parameter This topic describes the information about the system parameter configured in BureauIntegration service. System parameters define the information or values used throughout the system and drives the behavior of the features. They control the way task is executed, or whetherthe system performs a particular task. Some of the parameters are set when thesystem is installed, but the values associated with the parameter needs to be reviewedand is to be maintained. Example: •Set minimum days to pull credit bureau report from same bureau from initial pull. •Credit bureau report purge days. This topic contains the following subtopics: •Create System Parameter This topic describes the systematic instructions to create system parameter byupdating various details. •View System ParameterThis topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of configuredsystem parameter. 2.2.1 Create System Parameter This topic describes the systematic instructions to create system parameter byupdating various details. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Homescreen , click Core Maintenance , under Core Maintenance , click Credit Bureau . 2.Under Credit Bureau , click Maintenance , under Maintenance , click System Parameter , under System Parameter , click Create System Parameter . The Create System Parameter  screen displays. Figure 2-3    Create System Parameter 3.On Create System Parameter  screen, specify the fields.Chapter 2 System Parameter 2-4Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 2-1    Create System Parameter - Field Description Field Description Parameter Code Select the parameter code from the drop-down list. Parameter DescriptionSpecify the short description for the parameter code. ProductProcessor Select the product processor from the drop-down list for which the parameter is being created. Value Specify the value for the parameter code. 4.Click Save  to save the details. The System Parameter  is successfully created and can be viewed using the View System Parameter  screen. 2.2.2 View System Parameter This topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of configured system parameter. The user can configure the system parameter using the Create System Parameter  screen. The status of the created system parameter is displayed as Unauthorized  and Open. Once the checker authorizes the system parameter, the status is updated to Authorized  and Open . Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Homescreen , click Core Maintenance , under Core Maintenance , click Credit Bureau . 2.Under Credit Bureau , click Maintenance , under Maintenance , click System Parameter , under System Parameter , click View System Parameter . The View System Parameter  screen displays. Figure 2-4    View System Parameter Chapter 2 System Parameter 2-5For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 2-2    View System Parameter - Field Description Field Description Parameter Code Displays the parameter code. Description Displays the description of the parameter code. Product Processor Displays the product processor of the parameter. Authorization Status Displays the authorization status of the record. The options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Displays the status of the record. The options are: •Open •Closed Modification Number Displays the number of modification performed on the record. 3.On View System Parameter , click    icon. The View System Parameter - Search  screen displays. Figure 2-5    View System Parameter - Search 4.On View System Parameter - Search  screen, specify the Search Filter  to fetch the required system parameter. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table.Chapter 2 System Parameter 2-6Table 2-3    View System Parameter - Search - Field Description Field Description Parameter Code Specify the parameter code. Authorization Status Select the authorization status from the drop-down list. The available options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Select the record status from the drop-down list. The available options are: •Open •Closed 5.Click Search  to display the required system parameter. 6.On View System Parameter  screen, click    icon to Unlock , Delete , Authorize  or View  the created system parameter. 7.Click Unlock  to modify the created system parameter. The System Parameter Maintenance - Modify  screen displays. Figure 2-6    System Parameter Maintenance - Modify For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 2-4    System Parameter Maintenance - Modify - Field Description Field Description Parameter Code Displays the created system parameter code. Parameter DescriptionDisplays the created system parameter description. ProductProcessor Displays the product processor of the created system parameter. User can modify the same. Value Displays the value for the created system parameter.User can modify the same. 8.Click Save  to update the modified fields. 9.Click View  to view the created system parameter code. The System Parameter Maintenance - View  screen displays.Chapter 2 System Parameter 2-7Figure 2-7    System Parameter Maintenance - View For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 2-5    System Parameter Maintenance - View - Field Description Field Description Parameter CodeDisplays the created system parameter code. ParameterDescription Displays the created system parameter description. ProductProcessor Displays the product processor of the created system parameter. Value Displays the value for the created system parameter. 2.3 Lookup This topic describes the information about the lookup feature in Bureau Integration service. The lookup are the service for mapping of keys and values used to enrich the description of the data displayed to the user. The lookup screen allows user to definecontents for a list of drop-down or value fields. These are used throughout the system.The identified fields only accept the entries stored. Below are some examples of the lookup fields. •Static/Enumeration values–Credit Bureau: For example, credit bureau1, credit bureau 2, and credit bureau 3. –Comparison Operator: Equals and Greater than. •Dependent lookup based on another selection –Based on Country, State should have different values in the lookup. –Based on Country, Currency should have different values in the lookup. This topic contains the following subtopics: •Create Lookup This topic describes the systematic instructions to create lookup definitions byupdating various details in Bureau Integration Service. •View LookupThis topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of configuredlookup for Bureau Integration Service.Chapter 2 Lookup 2-82.3.1 Create Lookup This topic describes the systematic instructions to create lookup definitions by updating various details in Bureau Integration Service. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Homescreen , click Core Maintenance , under Core Maintenance , click Credit Bureau . 2.Under Credit Bureau , click Maintenance , under Maintenance , click Lookup , under Lookup , click Create Lookup . The Create Lookup  screen displays. Figure 2-8    Create Lookup 3.On Create Lookup  screen, specify the fields. Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 2-6    Create Lookup - Field Description Field Description Lookup Type Specify the unique lookup type name. Description Specify the short description for lookup. + button Click to add a new row. - button Click to delete a row that is already added. Lookup Code Specify the unique lookup code. Description Specify the short description for lookup. Sort Order Specify the sort order. Dependent IdentifierSpecify the dependent Identifier. Enable Click the toggle status to enable the parameter. 4.Click Save  to save the details.Chapter 2 Lookup 2-9The Lookup  is successfully created and can be viewed using the View Lookup screen. 2.3.2 View Lookup This topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of configured lookup for Bureau Integration Service. The user can configure the lookup using the Create Lookup  screen. The status of the created lookup is displayed as Unauthorized  and Open . Once the checker authorizes the lookup, the status is updated to Authorized  and Open . Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Homescreen , click Core Maintenance , under Core Maintenance , click Credit Bureau . 2.Under Credit Bureau , click Maintenance , under Maintenance , click Lookup , under Lookup , click View Lookup . The View Lookup  screen displays. Figure 2-9    View Lookup For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 2-7    View Lookup – Field Description Field Description Lookup Type Displays the lookup type. Description Displays the description of the lookup. Authorization Status Displays the authorization status of the record. The options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Displays the status of the record. The options are: •Open •Closed Modification Number Displays the number of modification performed on the record. 3.On View Lookup  screen, click   icon.Chapter 2 Lookup 2-10The View Lookup - Search  screen displays. Figure 2-10    View Lookup - Search 4.On View Lookup - Search  screen, specify the Search Filter  to fetch the required lookup. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 2-8    View Lookup – Search – Field Description Field Description Lookup Type Specify the lookup type name. Authorization Status Select the authorization status from the drop-down list. The available options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Select the record status from the drop-down list. The available options are: •Open •Closed 5.Click Search  to display the required lookup. 6.On View Lookup  screen, click   icon to Unlock , Delete , Authorize  or View  the created lookup.Chapter 2 Lookup 2-117.Click Unlock  to modify the created lookup. The Lookup Maintenance - Modify  screen displays. Figure 2-11    Lookup Maintenance - Modify For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 2-9    Lookup Maintenance - Modify - Field Description Field Description Lookup Type Displays lookup type name. Description Displays the short description of the lookup. User can modify the same. + button Click to add a new row. - button Click to delete a row that is already added. Lookup Code Displays the lookup code for the created lookup.User can modify the same. Description Displays the description for the created lookup. Sort Order Displays the sort order for the created lookup.User can modify the same. Dependent Identifier Displays the dependent Identifier for the created lookup.User can modify the same. Enable Indicates if the lookup is enabled or not.User can modify the same. 8.Click Save  to update the modified fields. 9.Click View  to view the created lookup code. The Lookup Maintenance - View  screen displays.Chapter 2 Lookup 2-12Figure 2-12    Lookup Maintenance - View For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 2-10    Lookup Maintenance - View - Field Description Field Description Lookup Type Displays the created lookup type. Description Displays the description for the created lookup. Lookup Code Displays the lookup code for the created lookup. Description Displays the description for the created lookup. Sort Order Displays the sort order for the created lookup. Dependent Identifier Displays the dependent identifier for the created lookup. Enable Displays the lookup code if enabled for the created lookup. 2.4 Product Processor This topic describes the information about the product processor. The source system calling the decision system for decisioning the credit application is defined as product processor. There are multiple data segments like account information, customerdetails, collateral details, credit bureau information or any additional notes if any is receivedfrom the product processor for credit decisioning and pricing in decision service. This topic contains the following subtopics: •Create Product Processor This topic describes the systematic instructions to create product processor by updatingvarious details. •View Product ProcessorThis topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of product processor. •Create Product ProcessorThis topic describes the systematic instructions to create product processor by updatingvarious details. •View Product ProcessorThis topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of product processor.Chapter 2 Product Processor 2-132.4.1 Create Product Processor This topic describes the systematic instructions to create product processor by updating various details. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Homescreen , click Core Maintenance , under Core Maintenance , click Credit Bureau . 2.Under Credit Bureau , click Maintenance , under Maintenance , click Product Processor , under Product Processor , click Create Product Processor . The Create Product Processor screen displays. Figure 2-13    Create Product Processor 3.On Create Product Processor  screen, specify the fields. Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 2-11    Create Product Processor - Field Description Field Description Product ProcessorCode Specify the unique product processor code. ProductProcessorDescription Specify the short description for product processor. Effective Date Specify the effective date. Expiry Date Specify the expiry date. 4.Click Save  to save the details.Chapter 2 Product Processor 2-14The Product Processor  is successfully created and can be viewed using the View Product Processor  screen. 2.4.2 View Product Processor This topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of product processor. The user can create the product processor using the Create Product Processor  screen. The status of the created system parameter is displayed as Unauthorized  and Open.  Once the checker authorizes the system parameter, the status is updated to Authorized  and Open . Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Homescreen , click Core Maintenance , under Core Maintenance , click Credit Bureau . 2.Under Credit Bureau , click Maintenance , under Maintenance , click Product Processor , under Product Processor , click View Product Processor . The View Product Processor  screen displays. Figure 2-14    View Product Processor For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 2-12    View Product Processor - Field Description Field Description Product Processor Code Displays the product processor code. Product Processor DescriptionDisplays the description of the product processor. Authorization Status Displays the authorization status of the record. The options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Displays the status of the record. The options are: •Open •Closed Modification Number Displays the number of modification performed on the record.Chapter 2 Product Processor 2-153.On View Product Processor  screen, click    icon. The View Product Processor - Search  screen displays. Figure 2-15    View Product Processor - Search 4.On View Product Processor - Screen  screen, specify the Search Filter  to fetch the required product processor. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 2-13    View Product Processor - Search - Field Description Field Description Product Processor CodeSpecify the product processor code. Product ProcessorDescription Specify the product processor description. Authorization Status Select the authorization status of the product processor. The available options are: •Authorized •Rejected •UnauthorizedChapter 2 Product Processor 2-16Table 2-13    (Cont.) View Product Processor - Search - Field Description Field Description Record Status Select the record status of the product processor. The available options are: •Open •Closed 5.Click Search  to display the required product processor. 6.On View Product Processor  screen, click    icon to Unlock , Delete , Authorize or View  the created product processor. 7.Click Unlock  to modify the created product processor. The Product Processor Maintenance - Modify  screen displays. Figure 2-16    Product Processor Maintenance - Modify For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 2-14    Product Processor Maintenance - Modify - Field Description Field Description Product Processor Code Displays the product processor code. Product Processor DescriptionDisplays the product processor description. User can modify the same. Effective Date Displays the effective date of the created product processor.User can modify the same before authorization if it is future dated. Expiry Date Displays the expiry date of the created product processor.User can modify the same. 8.Click Save  to update the modified fields. 9.Click View  to view the created product processor. The Product Processor Maintenance - View  screen displays.Chapter 2 Product Processor 2-17Figure 2-17    Product Processor Maintenance - View For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 2-15    Product Processor Maintenance - View - Field Description Field Description Product Processor CodeDisplays the product processor code. Product ProcessorDescription Displays the product processor description. Effective Date Displays the effective date of the created product processor. Expiry Date Displays the expiry date of the created product processor. 2.5 Criteria This topic describes the information about the criteria to identify the Credit Bureau. The Criteria screen facilitates to setup criteria definition, which are used in evaluating the request and response criteria (business rules) to identify which bureau is to becalled for the request. Examples : •Call credit bureau 1, for personal loan product, and call credit bureau 1 and 2 for home loan products. •Call credit bureau 1, if zip code of the applicant is between 70000 – 80000 and callcredit bureau 2, if zip code of the applicant is between 30000 – 40000. •Call credit bureau 3, if score from credit bureau 1 is less than 600. This topic contains the following subtopics: •Create Bureau Criteria This topic describes the systematic instructions to create bureau criteria byupdating various details. •View Bureau CriteriaThis topic describes the systematic instructions to view the bureau criteria.Chapter 2 Criteria 2-182.5.1 Create Bureau Criteria This topic describes the systematic instructions to create bureau criteria by updating various details. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Homescreen , click Core Maintenance , under Core Maintenance , click Credit Bureau . 2.Under Credit Bureau , click Maintenance , under Maintenance , click Criteria , under Criteria , click Create Bureau Criteria . The Create Bureau Criteria  screen displays. Figure 2-18    Create Bureau Criteria 3.Specify the fields on Create Bureau Criteria  screen. Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 2-16    Create Bureau Criteria – Field Description Field Description Criteria Code Specify the unique criteria code. Description Specify a short description for the criteria code. Product ProcessorSpecify the product processor for which the criteria is being created. + button Click to add a new row. - button Click to delete a row that is already added.Chapter 2 Criteria 2-19Table 2-16    (Cont.) Create Bureau Criteria – Field Description Field Description Click to get the information about the rule. Rule ID Specify the rule ID. Description Displays the description of the rule ID selected. Priority Specify the priority of the criteria. Call All Bureau Click the toggle status to call all bureaus. Enable Click the toggle status to enable the rule criteria. Action This field is enabled if the Call All Bureau  toggle is OFF. + button Click this icon to add the child rule to the parent rule. Rule ID Select the rule ID from the drop down list. Note: This field is enabled if the Call All Bureau  toggle is OFF. Click to get the information about the rules. Note: This field is enabled if the Call All Bureau  toggle is OFF. Description Displays the description of the rule ID selected it is auto populated. Note: This field is enabled if the Call All Bureau  toggle is OFF. Priority Specify the priority of the criteria. Note: This field is enabled if the Call All Bureau  toggle is OFF.Chapter 2 Criteria 2-20Table 2-16    (Cont.) Create Bureau Criteria – Field Description Field Description Enable Click the toggle status to enable the rule criteria. Note: This field is enabled if the Call All Bureau  toggle is OFF. 4.Click Save  to save the details. The Criteria  are successfully created and can be viewed using the View Bureau Criteria screen. 2.5.2 View Bureau Criteria This topic describes the systematic instructions to view the bureau criteria. The user can configure the bureau criteria using the Create Bureau Criteria  screen. The status of the created lookup is displayed as Unauthorized  and Open . Once the checker authorizes the criteria, the status is updated to Authorized  and Open . Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Homescreen , click Core Maintenance , under Core Maintenance , click Credit Bureau . 2.Under Credit Bureau , click Maintenance , under Maintenance , click Criteria , under Criteria , click View Bureau Criteria . The View Bureau Criteria  screen displays. Figure 2-19    View Bureau Criteria For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 2-17    View Bureau Criteria – Field Description Field Description Criteria Code Displays the criteria code. Description Displays the description of the criteria code. Product Processor Displays the product processor of the criteria.Chapter 2 Criteria 2-21Table 2-17    (Cont.) View Bureau Criteria – Field Description Field Description Authorization Status Displays the authorization status of the record. The options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Displays the status of the record. The options are: •Open •Closed Modification Number Displays the number of modification performed on the record. 3.On View Bureau Criteria  screen, click icon. The View Criteria - Search  screen displays.Chapter 2 Criteria 2-22Figure 2-20    View Criteria - Search 4.On View Bureau Criteria  screen, specify the Search Filter  to fetch the required criteria code. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 2-18    View Criteria - Search – Field Description Field Description Criteria Code Specify the criteria code. Description Specify the criteria description. Product Processor Select the product processor from the drop-down list. Authorization Status Select the authorization status from the drop-down list. The available options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Select the record status from the drop-down list. The available options are: •Open •ClosedChapter 2 Criteria 2-235.Click Search  to display the required criteria code. 6.On View Bureau Criteria  screen, click icon to Unlock , Delete , Authorize  or View  the created criteria code. 7.Click Unlock  to modify the following fields. The Bureau Criteria Maintenance - Modify  screen displays. Figure 2-21    Bureau Criteria Maintenance - Modify For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 2-19    Bureau Criteria Maintenance - Modify - Field Description Field Description Criteria Code Displays the created criteria code. Description Displays the description for the created criteria code. Product ProcessorDispalys the product processor for which the criteria is being created. Rule ID Displays the rule ID for the created criteria. Description Displays the description for the created criteria. Priority Displays the the priority for the created criteria. Call All Bureau Dispalys if call all bureau has been enabled for the created criteria. Enable Displays the criteria code if enabled for the created criteria. Actions Displays the actions of the created criteria. 8.Click Save  to update the modified fields. 9.Click View  to view the created criteria code. The Bureau Criteria Maintenance - View  screen displays.Chapter 2 Criteria 2-24Figure 2-22    Bureau Criteria Maintenance - View For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 2-20    Bureau Criteria Maintenance - View - Field Description Field Description Criteria Code Displays the created criteria code. Description Displays the created criteria description. Product Processor Displays the product processor of the created criteria. Rule ID Displays the rule ID for the created criteria. Description Displays the description for the created criteria. Priority Displays the priority for the created criteria. Call All Bureau Displays if call all bureau has been enabled for the created criteria. Enable Displays the criteria code if enabled for the created criteria. Actions Displays the actions of the created criteria. 2.6 Credit Bureau Display This topic describes the information about Credit Bureau display. The Credit Bureau Display screen facilitates to view the reports received from the various bureaus. The report has credit history details and credit score of the customer based onthese details. This topic contains the following subtopics: •View Credit Bureau Report This topic describes the systematic instructions to view the credit bureau report based onthe various filter options provided.Chapter 2 Credit Bureau Display 2-252.6.1 View Credit Bureau Report This topic describes the systematic instructions to view the credit bureau report based on the various filter options provided. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Home  screen, click Credit Bureau . Under Credit Bureau , click Operations . 2.Under Operations , click Credit Bureau Display . The Credit Bureau Display  screen is displays. Figure 2-23    Credit Bureau Display 3.Specify the fields on Credit Bureau Display  screen. Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 2-21    Credit Bureau Display- Field Description Field Description Filter Select the required option based on which you can search for the credit bureau reports from the drop-down list.The options are: •External Reference Number •Inquiry ID •Inquiry Date •Bureau Name •Product Processor •Application Number •Bureau Report IDChapter 2 Credit Bureau Display 2-26Table 2-21    (Cont.) Credit Bureau Display- Field Description Field Description Value Specify the required details or select the appropriate option for the selected filter option. Note: This field appears once the user select the filter option as Inquiry Date and value as Date Range. From Date Select the start date of the period during which the report was generated. Note: This field appears if the user select the filter option as Inquiry Date  and value as Date Range . To Date Select the end date of the period during which the report was generated. Note: This field appears if the user select the filter option as Inquiry Date  and value as Date Range . 4.On the Search Criteria  screen, specify the details and click  Search . The search results displays showing a list of records based on the specified search criteria. Figure 2-24    Credit Bureau Display - Report History Chapter 2 Credit Bureau Display 2-27For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 2-22    Credit Bureau Display - Report History – Field Description Field Description Inquiry Date Displays the inquiry date of the request from product processor to bureau integration service. External Reference NumberDisplays the external reference number provided by the product processor. Product Processor Displays the name of the product processor that sent therequest. 5.Click the arrow icon to view the corresponding list of reports. The list of reports displays on Credit Bureau Display  screen. Figure 2-25    Credit Bureau Display - List of Report For more information on fields, refer to the field description table.Chapter 2 Credit Bureau Display 2-28Table 2-23    Create Bureau Display - List of Report – Field Description Field Description Applicant Name Displays the name of the applicant. Bureau Name Displays the name of the credit bureau agency. Inquiry ID Displays the inquiry ID generated by bureau integration service. Report ID Displays the report ID provided by the credit bureau agency. Report Date Displays the date on which the credit bureau report is generated by the bureau. Product Displays the product of the credit bureau agency. View Click View  to view the credit bureau report. 6.Click the View  link to view the credit bureau report. The Create Bureau Display - Bureau Report  displays. Figure 2-26    Create Bureau Display - Bureau Report For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 2-24    Create Bureau Display - Bureau Report – Field Description Field Description Bureau Name Displays the name of the credit bureau agency. Product Name Displays the product name of the credit bureau agency. Report ID Displays the report ID provided by the credit bureau agency. Report Date Displays the date on which the credit bureau report is generated by thebureau. 2.7 Integrating Bureau Integration Service with Oracle Banking Routing Hub This topic describes the information to integrate the Bureau Integration service with Oracle Banking Routing Hub.Chapter 2 Integrating Bureau Integration Service with Oracle Banking Routing Hub 2-29This topic contains the following subtopics: •Oracle Banking Routing Hub Configuration This topic describes the information about Oracle Banking Routing HubConfiguration for the Bureau Integration service. 2.7.1 Oracle Banking Routing Hub Configuration This topic describes the information about Oracle Banking Routing Hub Configurationfor the Bureau Integration service. The user needs to import the existing service consumer and providers into the system. •Service Consumers This topic describes systematic instructions to configure the service consumers. •Service ProvidersThis topic describes the systematic instructions to configure the service providers. •Experian ConfigurationThis topic provides the figures for the Experian configuration. •Equifax ConfigurationThis topic describes the information about Equifax configuration. •Document ConfigurationThis topic describes the information about document configuration. •TroubleshootingThis topic describes the information for troubleshooting the Oracle BankingRouting Hub. 2.7.1.1 Service Consumers This topic describes systematic instructions to configure the service consumers. The Service Consumer  is an Oracle product that invokes Oracle Banking Routing Hub API. Oracle Banking Routing Hub analyses, evaluates the destination product processor and, transforms the data into a format of the same.The Service Consumer  comprises the source and destination integration details. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Home  screen, click Core Maintenance . Under Core Maintenance , click Routing Hub . 2.Under Routing Hub , click Service Consumers . The Service Consumers  screen displays. Figure 2-27    Service Consumers Add Service ConsumerChapter 2 Integrating Bureau Integration Service with Oracle Banking Routing Hub 2-303.Click Add. The Add Service Consumer  screen displays. Figure 2-28    Add Service Consumer 4.Specify the fields on Add Service Consumer  screen. Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table.Chapter 2 Integrating Bureau Integration Service with Oracle Banking Routing Hub 2-31Table 2-25    Add Service Consumer - Field Description Field Description Name Specify the name of the service consumer. Note: •Enter 0 to maximum of 255 characters. •No numeric value at beginning and no space allowed. Add To add, refer to step 5.Select the group from the drop-down list. The available options are: •Group •Variable Group Select the group from the drop-down list. Action Displays the action. The user can edit or delete the header. Name Displays the name of the header. Value Displays the value of the header. Environment Variables: The user must define the group of variables which can be accessed throughout thespecific consumer’s configuration. The syntax for accessing environment variables is below: $env.Environment_Group_Name.Environment_Variable_Name For example , $env.COMMON.BRANCH_CODE 5.To add Environment Variables , follow below steps. a.On Add Service Consumers , click Add and select Group  from drop-down list to add the group.The Add Environment Group  screen displays. Figure 2-29    Add Environment Group b.Specify the fields on Add Environment Group  screen and click OK.Chapter 2 Integrating Bureau Integration Service with Oracle Banking Routing Hub 2-32Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 2-26    Add Environment Group - Field Description Field Description Name Specify the name of the environment group. Note: •Enter 0 to maximum of 255 characters. •No numeric value at beginning and no space allowed. c.Click Add on Add Service Consumer  screen and select Variable  from drop-down list to add the variable. The Add Environment Variable  screen displays. Figure 2-30    Add Environment Variable d.Specify the fields on Add Environment Variable  screen and click OK. Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table.Chapter 2 Integrating Bureau Integration Service with Oracle Banking Routing Hub 2-33Table 2-27    Add Environment Variable - Field Description Field Description Name Specify the name of the environment variable. Note: •Enter 0 to maximum of 255 characters. •No numeric value at beginning and no space allowed. Value Specify the value of the environment variable.The value can either be hardcoded or Velocity mapping. 6.Click Save  to save the details. The Confirmation  screen displays. Figure 2-31    Confirmation - Add Service Consumers 7.Click Confirm  to save the record. Import Service Consumer 8.Click Import . The Import Service Consumer  screen displays.Chapter 2 Integrating Bureau Integration Service with Oracle Banking Routing Hub 2-34Figure 2-32    Import Service Consumer 9.Specify the fields on Import Service Consumer  screen and click OK. Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 2-28    Import Service Consumer - Field Description Field Description File Select the file using Select . Note: Allows only to select one file and accepts only JSON file. Extract Extracts the consumer name and service provider list from JSON file and displays it in the respective elements.Chapter 2 Integrating Bureau Integration Service with Oracle Banking Routing Hub 2-35Table 2-28    (Cont.) Import Service Consumer - Field Description Field Description Name Specify the name of the service provider. Note: •Enter 0 to maximum of 255 characters. •No numeric value at beginning and no space allowed. Name Displays the list of service providers names that are present inJSON file. 10.Click Import  to import the selected file. The Confirmation  screen displays. Figure 2-33    Confirmation - Import Service Consumer 11.Click Confirm  to import the service consumer. Note: Below data needs to be changed after importing provider configuration file: •Implementation Host and Port •Implementation Authentication Password View Service Consumer 12.Click 3 dots button (operation menu) and click View . The View Service Consumer  screen displays.Chapter 2 Integrating Bureau Integration Service with Oracle Banking Routing Hub 2-36Figure 2-34    View Service Consumer The user can click edit button to edit the Service Consumer . Edit Service Consumer 13.Click 3 dots button (operation menu) and click Edit. The Edit Service Consumer  screen displays. Figure 2-35    Edit Service Consumer Chapter 2 Integrating Bureau Integration Service with Oracle Banking Routing Hub 2-3714.Click Save  once the edit is done. The Confirmation  screen displays. Figure 2-36    Confirmation - Edit Service Consumer 15.Click Confirm  to save the record. Delete Service Consumer 16.Click 3 dots button (operation menu) and click Delete . The Confirmation  screen displays. Figure 2-37    Confirmation - Delete Service Consumer 17.Click Confirm  to delete the record. Export Service Consumer in JSON 18.Click 3 dots button (operation menu) and click Export . Select JSON . The Export Service Consumer  screen displays.Chapter 2 Integrating Bureau Integration Service with Oracle Banking Routing Hub 2-38Figure 2-38    Export Service Consumer - JSON Note: •The user has an option to select service providers from the list which needs to be exported or can click on select all for all service providers. •The JSON Export feature exports below data: –Selected service consumer –All consumer services –Selected service providers with services –Default implementation of selected service providers with services (without Host, Port and Authentication Password) –Default transformations –All default implementation routes 19.Select the required service providers and click Export . The Confirmation  screen appears.Chapter 2 Integrating Bureau Integration Service with Oracle Banking Routing Hub 2-39Figure 2-39    Confirmation - Export Service Consumer in JSON 20.Click Confirm  to export in JSON. Export Service Consumer in SQL 21.Click Export  and select SQL. The Confirmation  screen appears. Figure 2-40    Confirmation Note: The SQL Export feature exports entire configuration without Host, Port, and Authentication Password details. 22.Click Confirm  to export the Service Consumer in SQL. 2.7.1.2 Service Providers This topic describes the systematic instructions to configure the service providers. The Service Providers  are the product processors configure to process request send by oracle banking routing hub on behalf of service consumers. It comprises of the destination integration details. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Home  Screen, click Core Maintenance , Under Core Maintenance , click Routing Hub . 2.Under Routing Hub , click Service Consumers .Chapter 2 Integrating Bureau Integration Service with Oracle Banking Routing Hub 2-403.On Service Consumers  screen, click the required service consumer. The Service Providers  screen displays. Figure 2-41    Service Providers To Add Service Provider 4.Click Add. The Add Service Provider  screen displays. Figure 2-42    Add Service Provider 5.Specify the fields on Add Service Provider  screen.Chapter 2 Integrating Bureau Integration Service with Oracle Banking Routing Hub 2-41Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 2-29    Add Service Provider - Field Description Field Description Product Name Specify the product name of the service provider. Note: •Enter 0 to maximum of 255 characters. •No numeric value at beginning and no space allowed. Type Select the type of service provider from drop-down listThe available options are: •INTERNAL •EXTERNAL Version Specify the provider version. Note: •Enter 0 to maximum of 255 characters. •Only numeric or decimal values are allowed. Active Predefined values are Active / Inactive If provider is marked as inactive, then all related routes will bestopped. Add To add, refer to step 4. Actions Displays the action.The user can edit or delete the header. Name Displays the name of the header. Value Displays the value of the header. Type Select the type of service from drop-down list.The available options are: •WSDL •SWAGGER URL Specify the service URL of the file location. Import Click Import  to extract the service information from URL. Service Displays the extracted service from the selected URL. Operation Displays the extracted operation from the selected URL. HeadersChapter 2 Integrating Bureau Integration Service with Oracle Banking Routing Hub 2-42External product processor might require some standard headers to be passed along with the request. User can specify the headers which are required by service endpoints for its allimplementations but not present in swagger file. 6.To add Headers , follow below steps. a.Click Add. The Add Header  screen displays. Figure 2-43    Add Header b.Specify the fields on Add Header  screen and click OK. Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 2-30    Add Header - Field Description Field Description Name Specify the name of the header. Value Specify the value of the header. 7.Click Save  to save the details. The Confirmation  screen displays. Figure 2-44    Confirmation  Chapter 2 Integrating Bureau Integration Service with Oracle Banking Routing Hub 2-438.Click Confirm  to save the record. Import Service Provider 9.Click Import . The Import Service Provider  screen displays. Figure 2-45    Import Service Provider Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 2-31    Import Service Provider - Field Description Field Description File Select the file using Select  button. Note: Allows only to select one file and accepts only JSON file. 10.Click Import  to import the selected file. The Confirmation  screen displays.Chapter 2 Integrating Bureau Integration Service with Oracle Banking Routing Hub 2-44Figure 2-46    Confirmation - Import Note: Below data needs to be changed after importing provider configuration file: •Implementation Host and Port •Implementation Authentication Password 11.Click Confirm  to import the record. View Service Provider 12.Click 3 dots button (operation menu) and click View . The View Service Provider  screen displays. Figure 2-47    View Service Provider Chapter 2 Integrating Bureau Integration Service with Oracle Banking Routing Hub 2-45The user can click edit button to edit the Service Provider . Edit Service Provider 13.Click 3 dots button (operation menu) and click Edit. The Edit Service Provider  screen displays. Figure 2-48    Edit Service Provider 14.Click Save  once the edit is done. The Confirmation  screen displays. Figure 2-49    Confirmation - Edit Service Provider Chapter 2 Integrating Bureau Integration Service with Oracle Banking Routing Hub 2-4615.Click Confirm  to save the record. Delete Service Provider 16.Click 3 dots button (operation menu) and click Delete . The Confirmation  screen displays. Figure 2-50    Confirmation - Delete Service Provider 17.Click Confirm  to delete the record. Export Service Provider 18.Click 3 dots button (operation menu) and click Export . The Confirmation  screen displays. Figure 2-51    Confirmation - Export Service Provider Note: The following data cannot be exported: •Implementation Host •Implementation Port •Implementation Authentication Password The above data needs to be configured manually after importing the configuration file. Same has been mentioned in Import section. 19.Click Confirm  to export the record.Chapter 2 Integrating Bureau Integration Service with Oracle Banking Routing Hub 2-472.7.1.3 Experian Configuration This topic provides the figures for the Experian configuration. Experian Fetch Credit Report Figure 2-52    Experian Fetch Credit Report Chapter 2 Integrating Bureau Integration Service with Oracle Banking Routing Hub 2-48Figure 2-53    Experian Fetch Credit Report Experian Sandbox The Service Consumer  is used to export details of fetch credit report from sandbox environment. Figure 2-54    Experian Sandbox 2.7.1.4 Equifax Configuration This topic describes the information about Equifax configuration. Equifax is configured in lookup as a bureau and rule services to configure in Oracle Banking Routing Hub as consumer service to fetch details from Equifax sand.Chapter 2 Integrating Bureau Integration Service with Oracle Banking Routing Hub 2-49Equifax Fetch Credit Report Figure 2-55    Equifax Fetch Credit Report Figure 2-56    Equifax Fetch Credit Report Equifax Sandbox The Service Consumer  exports details of fetch credit report from sandbox environment.Chapter 2 Integrating Bureau Integration Service with Oracle Banking Routing Hub 2-50Figure 2-57    Equifax Sandbox 2.7.1.5 Document Configuration This topic describes the information about document configuration. Bureaus usually send applicants credit reports in PDF or encrypted format. The product processors prefers the PDF reports for easy readability and usability. In addition, productprocessors want to display PDF reports in their system and share these reports with theapplicants. In such cases, the PDF credit reports are stored in the document server, whichcan be accessed by the bureau integration service and the product processor. 2.7.1.6 Troubleshooting This topic describes the information for troubleshooting the Oracle Banking Routing Hub. Oracle Banking Origination issues faced during cmc-obcbs-service and cmc-obrhservices integration The password for the Experian account had expired.The solution is to login to the Experian website and reset the password. The new password is generated via mail and you can configure in Oracle Banking Routing Hub for tokengeneration. Unable to connect to external server Oracle Banking Routing Hub server is unable to connect to the experian server. The proxy is not configured The VM arguments were added for oracle banking routing hub's managed server. • Dhttps.proxyHost=www-proxy-idc.in.example.com •Dhttps.proxyPort=80Chapter 2 Integrating Bureau Integration Service with Oracle Banking Routing Hub 2-51Oracle Banking Routing Hub environment variable value not found The environment variable for the Bureau Integration Service product processor is improper. ($.headers["bureauType"][0]) The correct path was provided( $.headers["bureauType"][0]Chapter 2 Integrating Bureau Integration Service with Oracle Banking Routing Hub 2-52