1 Core Maintenance This topic helps you quickly get acquainted with the many functions routinely executed everyday. •Account Entitlement Group This topic describes the information to configure an account entitlement group. •Additional Field MaintenanceThis topic describes the systematic instructions to configure and maintain the additionalfields for the transaction screens. •AdviceThis topic describes the information to configure the various BIP advices that areavailable for the process. •Amount Text LanguageThis topic describes the information to configure an amount text language. •BIC DirectoryThis topic describes the information to configure the BIC directory for a customer. •Branch EODThis topics describes the information to configure Branch workflow •ChecklistsThis topic describes the information to configure an Checklists. •Country CodeThis topic describes the information to configure the Country code. •Currency DefinitionThis topic describes the information to define the currency using Currency Definitionmaintenance. •Currency Exchange RateThis topic describes the information to configure a Currency Exchange Rate. •Currency Holiday MasterThis topic describes the information to configure a Currency Holiday. •Currency Pair DefinitionThis topic describes the information to define a Currency Pair. •Currency Rate TypeThis topic describes the information to configure a Currency Rate. •Customer Access GroupThis topic describes the information to configure the customer access group. •Customer CategoryThis topic describes the information to configure a Customer Category •Data SegmentThis topic describes the information to configure an Data Segment. •ECA SystemThis topic describes the information to configure ECA system. 1-1•External Bank Parameters This topic describes the information to configure bank level parameters. •External Branch ParametersThis topics describes the information to configure branch level parameters. •External Chart AccountThis topic describes the information to configure an external chart. •External CustomerThis topic describes the information to configure the external customer details. •External Customer AccountThis topic helps to configure the external customer account details. •External Customer Account Structured AddressThis topic describes the information to configure the external customer accountstructured address details. •External Virtual Account Structured AddressThis topic describes the information to configure the external virtual accountstructured address details. •Forget ProcessThis topic describes the information to configure a customer detail who wants tobe forgotten using forget process. •GL Parameter MaintenanceThis topic describes the information to configure an GL parameter maintenance. •Host CodeThis topic describes the information to configure the host code. •Interest RateThis topic describes the information to configure a Interest Rate. •Inter Branch Parameters MaintenanceThis topic describes the information to configure an inter branch parametersmaintenance. •Language CodeThis topic describes the information to configure a language code. •Local HolidayThis topic describes the information to configure a local holiday. •MediaThis topic describes the information to configure the media. •MIS GroupThis topic describes the information to configure an MIS Group. •MIS ClassThis topic describes the information to configure an MIS Class. •Multi-Currency Account LinkageThis topic describes the information to link the sub-accounts to a core multi-currency account. •Process CodeThis topic describes the information to set the process code to the individualstages according to the process. •Priority CodeThis topic describes the information to configure an Priority Code.Chapter 1 1-2•Pricing Source System This topic describes the information to configure the pricing source system. •Resource ClassThis topic describes the information to configure an Resource Class. •SLA MaintenanceThis topic describes the information to configure an SLA maintenance. •ScreenclassThis topic describes the information to configure an Screenclass. •State CodeThis topic describes the information to configure an State Code. •System DatesThis topic describes the information to view the system date details. •Transaction CodeThis topic describes the information to configure the transaction code. •Upload SourceThis topic describes the information to upload a source code •Upload Source PreferenceThis topic describes the information to configure upload source preference. 1.1 Account Entitlement Group This topic describes the information to configure an account entitlement group. This topic contains the following subtopics: •Create Account Entitlement Group This topic describes the systematic instructions to configure the account entitlementgroup. •View Account Entitlement GroupThis topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of configured accountentitlement group. 1.1.1 Create Account Entitlement Group This topic describes the systematic instructions to configure the account entitlement group. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Home  screen, click Core Maintenance . Under Core Maintenance , click Account Entitlement Group . 2.Under Account Entitlement Group , click Create Account Entitlement Group . The Create Account Entitlement Group  screen displays.Chapter 1 Account Entitlement Group 1-3Figure 1-1    Create Account Entitlement Group 3.Specify the fields on Create Account Entitlement Group  screen. Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 1-1    Create Account Entitlement Group – Field Description Field Description Domain Code Search and select the required language code. Account Entitlement Group CodeSpecify the currency symbols. Account EntitlementGroup Description Select a decimals as fraction value from the drop-down list. 4.Click Save  to save the details. The amount text language is successfully created and can be viewed using the  View Account Entitlement Group  screen. 5.Click Cancel  to discard the changes and close the screen. 1.1.2 View Account Entitlement Group This topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of configured accountentitlement group. The user can configure an account entitlement group using Create Account Entitlement Group  screen. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Home  screen, click Core Maintenance . Under Core Maintenance , click Account Entitlement Group . 2.Under Account Entitlement Group , click View Account Entitlement Group .Chapter 1 Account Entitlement Group 1-4The View Account Entitlement Group  screen displays. Figure 1-2    View Account Entitlement Group For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 1-2    View Account Entitlement Group – Field Description Field Description Language Code Displays the language code associated with the amount word. Authorization Status Displays the authorization status of the record. The options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Displays the status of the record. The options are: •Open •Closed Modification Number Displays the number of modification performed on the record. 1.2 Additional Field Maintenance This topic describes the systematic instructions to configure and maintain the additional fields for the transaction screens. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Home screen , click Core Maintenance . Under Core Maintenance , click Additional Field Maintenance . The Additional Field Maintenance  screen displays. Figure 1-3    Additional Field Maintenance Chapter 1 Additional Field Maintenance 1-52.View the details from Additional Fields Maintenance  screen For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 1-3    Additional Field Maintenance - Field Description Field Description UI Key Displays the UI key of the additional field. Application ID Displays the related application ID of the additional field. Description Displays the description of the additional field. Status Displays the status of the record. 3.On Additional Field Maintenance  screen, click + button. The Additional Fields Maintenance  screen displays. Figure 1-4    Additional Fields Maintenance 4.specify the fields on Additional Fields Maintenance  screen. Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 1-4    Additional Fields Maintenance – Field Description Field Description Component Name Click Search  icon to view and select the component name from the list of Product Code Click Search  icon to view and select the product code from the list of Product Name Displays the product name for the specified product code. Description Displays the description as Additional Fields , and it can be modified.Chapter 1 Additional Field Maintenance 1-6Table 1-4    (Cont.) Additional Fields Maintenance – Field Description Field Description Application ID Displays the Application ID. Construct Additional Fields MetaDataSpecify the details under this section to configure metadata for each field. Select Check this box to select/unselect a row. Field ID Specify the field ID. Field Label Specify the field label. Category Specify the category. Field Type Select the field type from the drop-down values. Edit Click this icon to edit the fields in the row. Mandatory Check this box if the field needs to be configured asmandatory. Construct Validation MetaDataSpecify the details under this section for validations to be applied on configured fields. Select Check this box to select/unselect a row. Validation Name Specify the validation name. Validation Template To UseSelect the template to be used for the validation. Custom Error Message Specify the error message that needs to be displayed for the lidti Edit Arguments Click this icon to edit the fields in the row. 5.Click Save  to save the details. The user can view the confirmation advice details in the Additional Field Maintenance . 1.3 Advice This topic describes the information to configure the various BIP advices that are available for the process. This topic contains the following subtopics: •Create Advice This topic describes the systematic instructions to configure advices. •View AdviceThis topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of configured advice. 1.3.1 Create Advice This topic describes the systematic instructions to configure advices. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Home  screen, click Core Maintenance . Under Core Maintenance , click Advice . 2.Under Advice , click Create Advice . The Create Advice  screen displays.Chapter 1 Advice 1-7Figure 1-5    Create Advice 3.Specify the fields on Create Advice  screen. Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 1-5    Create Advice – Field Description Field Description Advice Name Specify the name of the advice. Advice Description Specify the information about the advice. Micro Service Name Specify the name of the micro service. Swift Micro Service Specify the information about the swift micro service. Micro Service Endpoint Specify the endpoint micro service. Application Name Specify the application name for which advice is generated. Application Description Specify the additional information about the application. Media Search and select the required media. Branch Search and select the required branch. Currency Search and select the required currency. Report Locale Specify the locale report details. Report Absolute Path Specify the report absolute path. Format Select a download file format for an advice from the drop-down list.The available options are: •PDF •PPTX •HTML •XLS •RTF Swift Endpoint Specify the swift endpoint.Chapter 1 Advice 1-84.Click Save  to save the details. The advice is successfully created and can be viewed using the View Advice  screen. 1.3.2 View Advice This topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of configured advice. The user can configure an advice for a process using the Create Advice  screen. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Home  screen, click Core Maintenance . Under Core Maintenance , click Advice . 2.Under Advice , click View Advice . The View Advice  screen displays. Figure 1-6    View Advice For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 1-6    View Advice – Field Description Field Description Advice Name Displays the name of the advice. Advice Description Displays information about the advice. Micro Service Name Displays the name of the micro service. Authorization Status Displays the authorization status of the record. The options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Displays the status of the record. The options are: •Open •Closed Modification Number Displays the number of modification performed on the record. 1.4 Amount Text Language This topic describes the information to configure an amount text language.Chapter 1 Amount Text Language 1-9This topic contains the following subtopics: •Create Amount Text Language This topic describes the systematic instructions to configure the amount textlanguage. •View Amount Text LanguageThis topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of configuredamount text language. 1.4.1 Create Amount Text Language This topic describes the systematic instructions to configure the amount text language. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Home  screen, click Core Maintenance . Under Core Maintenance , click Amount Text Language . 2.Under Amount Text Language , click Create Amount Text Language . The Create Amount Text Language  screen displays. Figure 1-7    Create Amount Text Language 3.Specify the fields on Create Amount Text Language  screen. Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 1-7    Create Amount Text Language – Field Description Field Description Language Code Search and select the required language code. Currency Symbol Specify the currency symbols. Decimals As Fraction Select a decimals as fraction value from the drop-down list.Chapter 1 Amount Text Language 1-10Table 1-7    (Cont.) Create Amount Text Language – Field Description Field Description Final Text Specify the final text for the amount word currency list. CCY Search and select the CCY . Post Decimal Specify the post decimal details. Pre Decimal Specify the pre decimal details. Text Before Select an option for the before text. Text Between Specify the text that must appear between the amount word currency list. Amount Select the amount details. One Flag Select an option for the amount word text list. Text Specify the text for the amount word. 4.Click + icon to add a new row. 5.Click Save  to save the details. The amount text language is successfully created and can be viewed using the View Amount Text Language  screen. 1.4.2 View Amount Text Language This topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of configured amount text language. The user can configure an amount text language using Create Amount Text Language screen. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Home  screen, click Core Maintenance . Under Core Maintenance , click Amount Text Language . 2.Under Amount Text Language , click View Amount Text Language . The View Amount Text Language  screen displays. Figure 1-8    View Amount Text Language For more information on fields, refer to the field description table.Chapter 1 Amount Text Language 1-11Table 1-8    View Amount Text Language – Field Description Field Description Language Code Displays the language code associated with the amount word. Authorization StatusDisplays the authorization status of the record. The options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Displays the status of the record. The options are: •Open •Closed Modification NumberDisplays the number of modification performed on the record. 1.5 BIC Directory This topic describes the information to configure the BIC directory for a customer. As part of setting up basic information, the user must maintain Bank Identifier Codes (BIC). This topic contains the following subtopics: •Create BIC Directory This topic describes the systematic instructions to configure a BIC directory for acustomer. •View BIC DirectoryThis topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of configured BICdirectory. 1.5.1 Create BIC Directory This topic describes the systematic instructions to configure a BIC directory for acustomer. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Home  screen, click Core Maintenance . Under Core Maintenance , click BIC Directory . 2.Under BIC Directory , click Create BIC Directory . The Create BIC Directory  screen displays.Chapter 1 BIC Directory 1-12Figure 1-9    Create BIC Directory 3.Specify the fields on Create BIC Directory  screen. Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 1-9    Create BIC Directory – Field Description Field Description BIC Code Specify the unique BIC Code by which the bank is identified by SWIFT. Bank Name Specify the name for the bank. Customer Number Click Search  icon to view and select the required customer number. Customer Name Displays the customer name based on the selected Customer Number . Bank Address 1-3 Displays the bank address 1-3 based on the selected Customer Number . SWIFT Key Specify the swift key details. Telex Key Specify the unique telex key for the BIC directory. SWIFT Key Arrangement Select the SWIFT key arrangement from the drop-down list.The available options are: •Yes •NoChapter 1 BIC Directory 1-13Table 1-9    (Cont.) Create BIC Directory – Field Description Field Description Relationship Select one of the following options: •No: If selected, indicates that the BIC Entity is not a customer of your bank •Mail: If selected, the BIC entity is not a recognized SWIFT entity but an address internal to your bank. In such cases, all correspondence directed to the particular BIC entity is sent asmail messages. •Keys : If selected, a SWIFT/Telex connectivity exists between your bank and the bank for which you are maintaining details.Subsequently, you must specify the SWIFT/Telex Key in theadjacent field. Sub-type Code Click Search  icon to view and select the required sub-type code. BEI Indicator Displays BEI Indicator based on the selected Sub-type Code . ADB Member Select the ADB member from the drop-down list.The available options are: •Not applicable •Yes •No MT103+ Preferred By default, this is disabled. If selected, indicates the counter party whose BIC code details youare capturing capacitate to receive payment messages in the MT103 format. Blacklisted By default, this is disabled.If selected, indicates the BIC entity is blacklisted. CUG Member By default, this is disabled.If selected, indicates the BIC entity is a closed user group member. Remit Member By default, this is disabled.If selected, indicates the customer is registered with MT 103extended remittance information multiple user group. Update During Upload By default, this is disabled.If selected, updated the BIC directory during an upload. Multi-Customer Credit TransferBy default, this is disabled. If selected, indicates multiple credit transfer feature (MT102support) exists between the bank and the BIC entity. Generate 102+ By default, this is disabled.If selected, generates 102+ message. Maximum Size in Bytes Specify the maximum size. Generate MT101 By default, this is disabled.If selected, indicates MT101 can be sent/received from this BIC.Select to generate MT101 message. Number of Transactions Per PageSpecify the number of transactions to view per page. If not specified, the value is defaulted to 10. Real Customer Number Click Search  icon to view and select the required real customer number. Real Customer Name Based on the Real Customer Number selected, the information isauto-populated. 4.Click Save  to save the details.Chapter 1 BIC Directory 1-14The BIC directory is successfully created and can be viewed using the View BIC Directory  screen. 1.5.2 View BIC Directory This topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of configured BIC directory. The user can configure BIC directory using Create BIC Directory  screen. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Home  screen, click Core Maintenance . Under Core Maintenance , click BIC Directory . 2.Under BIC Directory , click View BIC Directory . The View BIC Directory  screen displays. Figure 1-10    View BIC Directory For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 1-10    View BIC Directory – Field Description Field Description Customer Number Displays the number of the customer. Sub-type Code Displays the sub-type code associated with the customer number. BIC Code Displays the defined BIC code for the associated customer. Authorization Status Displays the authorization status of the record. The options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Displays the status of the record. The options are: •Open •Closed Modification Number Displays the number of modification performed on the record. 1.6 Branch EOD This topics describes the information to configure Branch workflowChapter 1 Branch EOD 1-15The user can invoke EOD to indicate that all the activities for the day are complete. Activities can be performed on the system only after the system date is changed to thenext working day and authorized. Most of the automated functions are part of the beginning of day operations. Thereafter, some of them must be executed when the system is in the EOTI stage. This topic contains the following subtopics: •Configure Branch EOD This topic describes the systematic instructions to create / configure the EODwork-flow with a branch. •View Branch EODThis topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of branch work-flowmappings. •Invoke Branch EODThis topic describes the systematic instructions to invoke the branch EOD processas per the branch. 1.6.1 Configure Branch EOD This topic describes the systematic instructions to create / configure the EOD work-flow with a branch. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Home  screen, click Core Maintenance . Under Core Maintenance , click Branch EOD . 2.Under Branch EOD , click Configure EOD . The Configure EOD  screen displays. Figure 1-11    Configure EOD 3.Specify the fields on Configure EOD  screen. Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory.Chapter 1 Branch EOD 1-16For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 1-11    Configure EOD – Field Description Field Description Branch Code Specify the branch code that is associated with the logged in user. Description Displays the description of the branch. Workflow Name Specify the work-flow name that is already created. Note: For more information on EOD Workflow creation and related terminologies, refer to EOD Configuration User Guide  of the respective products. 1.6.2 View Branch EOD This topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of branch work-flow mappings. The user can configure EOD using Configure EOD  screen. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Home  screen, click Core Maintenance . Under Core Maintenance , click Branch EOD . 2.Under Branch EOD , click View EOD . The View EOD  screen displays. Figure 1-12    View EOD For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 1-12    View EOD – Field Description Field Description Branch Code Displays the branch code details. Maker Displays the name of the maker. Workflow Name Displays the name of the work-flow.Chapter 1 Branch EOD 1-17Table 1-12    (Cont.) View EOD – Field Description Field Description Authorization Status Displays the authorization status of the record. The options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Displays the status of the record. The options are: •Open •Closed Modification Number Displays the number of modification performed on the record. 1.6.3 Invoke Branch EOD This topic describes the systematic instructions to invoke the branch EOD process as per the branch. The work-flow mapping can be configured using Configure Branch EOD  screen. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Home  screen, click Core Maintenance . Under Core Maintenance , click Branch EOD . 2.Under Branch EOD , click Invoke EOD . The Invoke EOD  screen displays. Figure 1-13    Invoke EOD 3.specify the fields on Invoke EOD  screen. Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table.Chapter 1 Branch EOD 1-18Table 1-13    Invoke EOD – Field Description Field Description Branch Code Specify the branch code that is associated with the logged in user. Description Displays the description of the branch, based on the Branch code selected. Current Branch Date Displays the current branch date, based on the Branch codeselected. 4.Click Start  to invoke EOD for selected branch and click Refresh  to view the current status of batch. 5.Click Retry  to restart the EOD work-flow from the failed task. Note: The Retry  button enables only if the failed task status is encountered. 6.Click Reset  to clear the branch selected. 7.Click Refresh  to view the current status of batch. 8.Mouse-hover on the task to view the relevant details such as Start time, End time, and Error if any. 1.7 Checklists This topic describes the information to configure an Checklists. This topic contains the following subtopics: •Checklists Linkage Maintenance This topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list and configure thechecklists linkage maintenance. •Checklists MaintenanceThis topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list and configure thechecklists maintenance. 1.7.1 Checklists Linkage Maintenance This topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list and configure the checklistslinkage maintenance. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Home  screen, click Core Maintenance . Under Core Maintenance , click Checklists . 2.Under Checklists , click Checklists Linkage Maintenance . The Checklists Linkage Maintenance  screen displays.Chapter 1 Checklists 1-19Figure 1-14    Checklists Linkage Maintenance For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 1-14    Checklists Linkage Maintenance – Field Description Field Description Process Code Displays the process code. Application Category CodeDisplays the application category code Stage Code Displays the stage code. AuthorizationStatus Displays the authorization status of the record. The options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Displays the status of the record. The options are: •Open •Closed Modification NumberDisplays the number of modification performed on the record. 3.Click    to configure the new checklists linkage maintenance. The Checklists Linkage Maintenance  screen displays.Chapter 1 Checklists 1-20Figure 1-15    Checklists Linkage Maintenance Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 1-15    Checklists Linkage Maintenance – Field Description Field Description Process Code Click Search  and select the process code to maintain the checklists. Process Name Displays the name of process based on the process code selection. Application Category CodeSelect the application category code from the drop-down list. Application CategoryName Displays the name of the application category. Stage Code Select the stage code from the drop-down list. Stage Name Displays the name of the stage selected. 4.Click    to add a row and provide the checklist code details. 5.Click Save  to save the details. 6.Click Cancel  to discard the changes and close the screen. 1.7.2 Checklists Maintenance This topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list and configure the checklists maintenance. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen.Chapter 1 Checklists 1-211.On Home  screen, click Core Maintenance . Under Core Maintenance , click Checklists . 2.Under Checklists , click Checklists Maintenance . The Checklists Maintenance  screen displays. Figure 1-16    Checklists Maintenance For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 1-16    Checklists Maintenance – Field Description Field Description Checklist Name Displays the name of the checklist. Checklist Code Displays the code of the checklist maintained. Authorization StatusDisplays the authorization status of the record. The options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Displays the status of the record. The options are: •Open •Closed Modification NumberDisplays the number of modification performed on the record. 3.Click    to configure the new checklists maintenance. The Checklists  screen displays.Chapter 1 Checklists 1-22Figure 1-17    Checklists Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 1-17    Checklists Maintenance – Field Description Field Description Checklist Code Displays the auto-generated code for each new checklist. Checklist Name Specify the name of the checklist to be maintained. 4.Click Save  to save the details. 5.Click Cancel  to discard the changes and close the screen. 1.8 Country Code This topic describes the information to configure the Country code. This topic contains the following subtopics: •Create Country Code This topic describes the systematic instructions to configure a country code. •View Country CodeThis topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of configured countrycode. 1.8.1 Create Country Code This topic describes the systematic instructions to configure a country code. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen.Chapter 1 Country Code 1-231.On Home  screen, click Core Maintenance . Under Core Maintenance , click Country Code . 2.Under Country Code , click Create Country Code . The Create Country Code  screen displays. Figure 1-18    Create Country Code 3.Specify the fields on Create Country Code  screen. Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 1-18    Create Country Code – Field Description Field Description Country Code Specify the country code. Country Name Specify the name of the country. Alternate Country Code Specify the alternate country code. Region Code Specify the region code. ISO Country Code Specify the ISO country code. ISO Code Specify the ISO code. Blacklist By default, this is disabled. If selected, indicates the country is blacklisted. EU Member By default, this is disabled.If selected, indicates the country is recognized by Swift as apart of the Intra European countries. Generate 205 By default, this is disabled.If selected, indicates the cover message 205COV or 205 needto be generated for transactions involving this country. If theuser does not select this option, RTGS, 202 or 202COVmessage is generated.Chapter 1 Country Code 1-24Table 1-18    (Cont.) Create Country Code – Field Description Field Description IBAN Check Required By default, this is disabled. If selected, indicates check required for an IBAN is mandatory. BIC Clearing Code By default, this is disabled.If selected, indicates the National ID in the BIC plus file is theclearing code. During upload of clearing codes from BIC plusfile, the records belong to countries against which this box isselected. Intra European By default, this is disabled.If selected, indicates the country is an intra European country. 4.Click Save  to save the details. The country code is successfully created and can be viewed using the View Country Code  screen. 1.8.2 View Country Code This topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of configured country code. The user can configure country code using Create Country Code  screen. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Home  screen, click Core Maintenance . Under Core Maintenance , click Country Code . 2.Under Country Code , click View Country Code . The View Country Code  screen displays. Figure 1-19    View Country Code For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 1-19    View Country Code – Field Description Field Description Country Code Displays the code of the country. ISO Numeric Code Displays the ISO numeric code details of the country code.Chapter 1 Country Code 1-25Table 1-19    (Cont.) View Country Code – Field Description Field Description Authorization Status Displays the authorization status of the record. The options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Displays the status of the record. The options are: •Open •Closed Modification Number Displays the number of modification performed on the record. 1.9 Currency Definition This topic describes the information to define the currency using Currency Definition maintenance. The user can define the attributes of the currencies in which the bank can deal. For each currency, you can define the attributes such as the SWIFT code for the currency,the country to which the currency belongs, the interest method, the spot days, thesettlement days, and so on. Currencies can be maintained only at the Head Office. The list of currencies is available to the branches based on the currencies defined for the country linked to thebranch. This topic contains the following subtopics: •Create Currency Definition This topic describes the systematic instructions to define currency. •View Currency DefinitionThis topic describes the systematic instructions to view a list of the definedcurrency. 1.9.1 Create Currency Definition This topic describes the systematic instructions to define currency. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Home  screen, click Core Maintenance . Under Core Maintenance , click Currency Definition . 2.Under Currency Definition , click Create Currency Definition . The Create Currency Definition  screen displays.Chapter 1 Currency Definition 1-26Figure 1-20    Create Currency Definition 3.Specify the fields on Create Currency Definition  screen. Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 1-20    Create Currency Definition – Field Description Field Description Currency Code Specify the currency code. Maintenance Country Click Search  and select the required maintenance country. Currency Name Specify the name of the currency. Alternate Currency Code Specify the code of the alternate currency. Currency Type Specify the currency type. ISO Numerical Currency CodeSpecify the International Standardization Organization numerical currency code.Chapter 1 Currency Definition 1-27Table 1-20    (Cont.) Create Currency Definition – Field Description Field Description Currency Country Click Search  icon to view and select the required currency country. Currency Decimals Specify the currency decimals. Currency Interest Method Select the currency interest method from the drop-down list. Currency Spot Days Specify the number of spot working days applicable for the currency. Foreign Exchange Netting DaysSpecify the number of days for the foreign exchange netting. Settlement Message Days Select the settlement message days. Position GL Click Search  icon to view and select the required position GL. Position Equivalent GL Search and select the required position equivalent GL. Currency Tolerance Limit Specify the currency tolerance limit. Index Base Currency Click Search  icon to view and select the required index base currency. Commodity Code By default, this is disabled. If selected, enables a commodity code. Cut Off Days Specify the cut off days for the payment transaction involving thecurrency. Cut Off Hour Specify the hour of the day for the cut off. Cut Off Min Specify the minute of the hour for the cut off. CLS Currency By default, this is disabled.If selected, allow customers of the bank to settle their FX deals viathe CLS (Continuous Linked Settlements) Bank, you can identify thecurrency to be a CLS Currency. FX deals in the CLS currency isonly eligible to be routed through the CLS bank. Generate 103+ By default, this is disabled.If selected, generate outgoing MT 103 messages in the MT 103 +format. Index Flag By default, this is disabled.If selected, derives index rate of the currency. Euro Conversion RequiredBy default, this is disabled. If selected, indicates the Euro conversion is required. New Cover Message Format RequiredBy default, this is disabled. If selected, indicates a new cover message format is required. Validate Tag-50F By default, this is disabled.If selected, indicates validations must be performed for the 50Fdetails captured for the ordering customer during contract input. Currency Round Rule Select the currency round rule from the drop-down list. Currency Round Unit Specify the currency round unit. Currency Format Mask Select one of the currency format. Currency Euro Type Select one of the currency Euro type.The available options are: •EURO Currency •In Currency •Out Currency •EUTO Closed Credit Auto Exchange Rate LimitSpecify the credit automatic exchange rate limit.Chapter 1 Currency Definition 1-28Table 1-20    (Cont.) Create Currency Definition – Field Description Field Description Debit Auto Exchange Rate LimitSpecify the debit automatic exchange rate limit. Country Code Click Search  icon to view and select the required country code. Country Name Specify the name of the country. Currency Code Click Search  icon to view and select the required currency code. Cut Off Time : It refers to the time by which all transactions involving a currency should be generated. For a currency, the user can indicate the cut-off hour and minute. This time should be expressed in the local time of the bank. The maintenance of a cut-off time for a currency has particular reference to outgoing funds transfers involving it. For example , the value date of a funds transfer transaction (incoming payment) involving USD, is 3rd June 2018. The number of cut-off days specified for the currency is 2. This means that the payment must be received on or before 1st June 2018. If the payment isreceived on 1st June, it must be received before the cut-off time specified for USD. If the USD cut-off time is 12:00 hrs, if the payment is received on 1st June 2018, it must be received before 12:00 hrs. 4.Click Save  to save the details. The Currency definition is successfully created and can be viewed using the View Currency Definition  screen. 1.9.2 View Currency Definition This topic describes the systematic instructions to view a list of the defined currency. The user can configure currency definition using Create Currency Definition  screen. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Home  screen, click Core Maintenance . Under Core Maintenance , click Currency Definition . 2.Under Currency Definition , click View Currency Definition . The View Currency Definition  screen displays. Figure 1-21    View Currency Definition Chapter 1 Currency Definition 1-29For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 1-21    View Currency Definition – Field Description Field Description Currency Code Displays the code of the currency. Currency Name Displays the name of the currency. Alternate Currency CodeDisplays the code of the alternate currency. Country Displays the country associated with the currency. Maintenance Country Displays the maintenance country. Authorization Status Displays the authorization status of the record. The options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Displays the status of the record. The options are: •Open •Closed Modification Number Displays the number of modification performed on the record. 1.10 Currency Exchange Rate This topic describes the information to configure a Currency Exchange Rate. The user can maintain exchange rates for a currency pair, the rates at which the user buy and sell one currency for another. A bank determines its buy and sell rate for acurrency pair by applying a spread (that is, its profit margin) to the mid-rate of thecurrency pair. Mid-rate is the basic rate at which a currency pair is exchanged. The spread applied for a currency pair varies with the transaction type, while the midrate usually remains constant. Consequently, different rates are applicable to differenttransaction types. For instance dollars in currency are purchased at a certain rate,while USD traveler’s checks are bought at a different rate. The user can define a ratetype which you would like to associate with a transaction type. For example: CASH,TRAVCHKS, and so on. The user can define the mid-rate, buy, and sell spread applicable to each rate type; the buy and sell exchange rates are computed by the system. Buy rates and sell rates caneither be maintained by individual branches or can be input by the HO and propagatedto all the branches. If the branch for which the rate is being uploaded or maintained is the head office branch, then the rate would be copied to all those branches that have the samecountry code as the head office branch. If the branch for which the rate is being uploaded or maintained is not the head office branch, but it has the same country code as the head office branch, then the ratebeing uploaded or maintained would be specific to the branch and would not be copiedto any other branch. If the branch for which the rate is being uploaded or maintained is not the head office branch and also does not have the same country code as the head office branch, thenChapter 1 Currency Exchange Rate 1-30the rate being maintained would be copied to all the branches that has the same country code linked as the branch for which the rate is being maintained or uploaded. This topic contains the following subtopics: •Create Currency Exchange Rate This topic describes the systematic instructions to configure a currency exchange rate. •View Currency Exchange RateThis topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of configured currencyexchange rates. 1.10.1 Create Currency Exchange Rate This topic describes the systematic instructions to configure a currency exchange rate. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Home  screen, click Core Maintenance . Under Core Maintenance , click Currency Exchange Rate . 2.Under Currency Exchange Rate , click Create Currency Exchange Rate . The Create Currency Exchange Rate  screen displays. Figure 1-22    Create Currency Exchange Rate 3.Specify the fields on Create Currency Exchange Rate  screen. Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table.Chapter 1 Currency Exchange Rate 1-31Table 1-22    Create Currency Exchange Rate – Field Description Field Description Branch Code Click Search  icon to view and select the required branch code. Currency 1 Click Search  icon to view and select the required currency. Currency 2 Displays the currency 2 based on selected Currecny1 . Currency Rule Specify the currency rule details. Rate Type Select a rate type from the drop-down list. Buy Rate Displays the Buy Rate for the Currency Exchange. Buy Rate is calculated based on Spread Definition maintained in theCurrency Pair Maintenance screen.The effective spread is calculated using any of the followingtwo methods: a.Percentage : If the Spread Definition  is selected as Percentage , then the buy rate is calculated as below: Buy Rate = Mid Rate-Buy Spread%Buy Spread% = Mid Rate*Buy Spread/100For example, 50*5/100 is 2.5 which is Buy Spread. Now Buy Rate will be 50-2.5 which is 47.5. b.Points If you select Spread Definition  as Points  then the buy rate is calculated as below: Buy Rate = Mid Rate-Buy SpreadFor example, if Buy Spread is 5, then Buy Rate is 50-5 = 45 Buy Spread Specify the buy spread details. Mid Rate Specify the mid-rate details. Sale Spread Specify the sale spread details. Sale Rate Displays the Sale Rate for the Currency Exchange. Sale Rateis calculated based on Spread Definition maintained in theCurrency Pair Maintenance screen.The effective spread is calculated using any of the followingtwo methods: a.Percentage If the Spread Definition  is selected as Percentage , then the sale rate is calculated as below: Sale Rate = Mid Rate+Sale Spread%Sale Spread% = Mid Rate*Sale Spread/100For example, 50*5/100 is 2.5 which is Sale Spread. Now Sale Rate will be 50+2.5 which is 52.5. b.Points If you select Spread Definition  as Points  then the sale rate is calculated as below: Sale Rate = Mid Rate+Sale SpreadFor example, if Sale Spread is 5 then Sale Rate is 50+5 = 55. Rate Date Select a rate date from the drop-down calendar. 4.Click Save  to save the details.Chapter 1 Currency Exchange Rate 1-32The currency exchange rate is successfully created and can be viewed using the View Currency Exchange Rate  screen. 1.10.2 View Currency Exchange Rate This topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of configured currency exchange rates. The user can configure currency exchange rate using Create Currency Exchange Rate screen. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Home  screen, click Core Maintenance . Under Core Maintenance , click Currency Exchange Rate . 2.Under Currency Exchange Rate , click View Currency Exchange Rate . The View Currency Exchange Rate  screen displays. Figure 1-23    View Currency Exchange Rate For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 1-23    View Currency Exchange Rate – Field Description Field Description Branch Code Displays the code of the branch. Currency 1-2 Displays the currency associated with the branch code. Authorization Status Displays the authorization status of the record. The options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Displays the status of the record. The options are: •Open •Closed Modification Number Displays the number of modification performed on the record.Chapter 1 Currency Exchange Rate 1-331.11 Currency Holiday Master This topic describes the information to configure a Currency Holiday. The user can configure a yearly list of holidays, for the currencies, defined in the currency screen. The system uses the information maintained to check if anysettlement involving a foreign currency (in the foreign Exchange, Money market, andFunds Transfer, Loans, and Deposit modules) falls on that currency holiday. If yes, thesystem displays a message stating and ask the user for an override. For any schedule or contract maturing at a future date is five years. Hence, the user can input the future date, only if the calendar for that year is maintained. The currencyholiday is maintained at the bank level by the Head Office. This topic contains the following subtopics: •Create Currency Holiday Master This topic describes the systematic instructions to configure a currency holiday. •View Currency Holiday MasterThis topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of configuredcurrency holiday. 1.11.1 Create Currency Holiday Master This topic describes the systematic instructions to configure a currency holiday. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Home  screen, click Core Maintenance . Under Core Maintenance , click Currency Holiday Master . 2.Under Currency Holiday Master , click Create Currency Holiday Master . The Create Currency Holiday Master  screen displays. Figure 1-24    Create Currency Holiday Master 3.Specify the fields on Create Currency Holiday Master  screen.Chapter 1 Currency Holiday Master 1-34Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 1-24    Create Currency Holiday Master – Field Description Field Description Currency Click Search  icon to view and select the required currency. Year Specify the year details. Weekly Holidays By default, this is disabled. If selected, indicates the weekly holidays. 4.Select the dates using the calendar. Note: The selected dates displays in blue highlighted circle. 5.Click Save  to save the details. The currency holiday master is successfully created and can be viewed using the View Currency Holiday Master  screen. 1.11.2 View Currency Holiday Master This topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of configured currency holiday. The user can configure currency holiday master using Create Currency Holiday Master screen. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Home  screen, click Core Maintenance . Under Core Maintenance , click Currency Holiday Master . 2.Under Currency Holiday Master , click View Currency Holiday Master . The View Currency Holiday Master  screen displays. Figure 1-25    View Currency Holiday Master Chapter 1 Currency Holiday Master 1-35For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 1-25    View Currency Holiday Master – Field Description Field Description Currency Rate Type Displays the currency details. Weekly Holidays Displays the weekly holidays associated with the currency. Authorization Status Displays the authorization status of the record. The options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Displays the status of the record. The options are: •Open •Closed Modification Number Displays the number of modification performed on the record. 1.12 Currency Pair Definition This topic describes the information to define a Currency Pair. In the foreign exchange markets, the exchange rates for some currency pairs such as the USD-GBP or USD-JPY are easily obtainable, since these are frequently traded.The exchange rates of other currencies such as the ZAR-INR (South African Rand -Indian Rupee), which is not traded very often, are determined through a third currency.The third currency is usually the US dollar since the US dollar is quoted in all tradingcenters. The user can define the static attributes of currency pairs for which a regular market quote is readily available. For other pairs, which do not have a regular market quote,you need to specify the third currency through which the system should compute theexchange rate. The currency pair is maintained at the bank level by the Head Officebranch. This topic contains the following subtopics: •Create Currency Pair Definition This topic describes the systematic instructions to define currency pair. •View Currency Pair DefinitionThis topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of define a currencypair. 1.12.1 Create Currency Pair Definition This topic describes the systematic instructions to define currency pair. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Home  screen, click Core Maintenance . Under Core Maintenance , click Currency Pair Definition . 2.Under Currency Pair Definition , click Create Currency Pair Definition .Chapter 1 Currency Pair Definition 1-36The Create Currency Pair Definition  screen displays. Figure 1-26    Create Currency Pair Definition 3.Specify the fields on Create Currency Pair Definition  screen. Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 1-26    Create Currency Pair Definition – Field Description Field Description Currency 1-2 Click Search  icon to view and select the required currency. A currency pair (specified as currency 1 and currency 2, in the currency pair) represents the two currencies for which the userneed to maintain exchange rates. To specify the pair, choose from the list provided against Currency 1. Select the pair for which you want to maintain parameters. Thepair must be selected according to the quotation method followed bythe market, which can be direct or indirect. Exchange rates can bedefined for currency 1 against currency 2 or currency 2 againstcurrency 1. Maintenance Country Click Search  icon to view and select the required maintenance country. Check through Currency By default, this is disabled.If selected, it indicates a check through currency. Through Currency Click Search  icon to view and select the required through currency for which the exchange rate between the currencies must becalculated.Chapter 1 Currency Pair Definition 1-37Table 1-26    (Cont.) Create Currency Pair Definition – Field Description Field Description Number of Units Select one of the number of units. The available options are below: •One •Hundred •Thousand Points Multiplier Specify the points multiplier. Quotation Select one of the required quotation:•Direct : The exchange rate for the currency pair is quoted as follows: Buy rate = mid rate - buy spread Sell rate = mid rate + sell spreadCcy 1 = Rate x Ccy 2 •Indirect : The exchange rate for the currency pair is quoted as follows: Buy rate = mid rate + buy spread Sell rate = mid rate - sell spreadCcy 2 = Rate x Ccy 1 Spread Definition Select the required spread definition. The effective spread can be calculated using any of the following two methods: •Percentage : Spread/100 x mid rate •Points : Spread x points multiplier The method of Spread Definition  that user specify applies to two instances: •While maintaining exchange rates for the currency pair. •While maintaining customer spread for the currency pair. 4.Click Save  to save the details. The currency pair definition is successfully created and can be viewed using the  View Currency Pair Definition  screen. 1.12.2 View Currency Pair Definition This topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of define a currencypair. The user can configure currency pair definition using Create Currency Pair Definition screen. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Home  screen, click Core Maintenance . Under Core Maintenance , click Currency Pair Definition . 2.Under Currency Pair Definition , click View Currency Pair Definition . The View Currency Pair Definition  screen displays.Chapter 1 Currency Pair Definition 1-38Figure 1-27    View Currency Pair Definition For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 1-27    View Currency Pair Definition – Field Description Field Description Maintenance Country Displays the maintenance country details. Number of Units Displays the number of units. Currency 1-2 Displays the currency associated with the country. Authorization Status Displays the authorization status of the record. The options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Displays the status of the record. The options are: •Open •Closed Modification Number Displays the number of modification performed on the record. 1.13 Currency Rate Type This topic describes the information to configure a Currency Rate. This topic contains the following subtopics: •Create Currency Rate Type This topic describes the systematic instructions to configure currency rate type. •View Currency Rate TypeThis topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of configured currency ratetype. 1.13.1 Create Currency Rate Type This topic describes the systematic instructions to configure currency rate type. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Home  screen, click Core Maintenance . Under Core Maintenance , click Currency Rate Type . 2.Under Currency Rate Type , click Create Currency Rate Type . The Create Currency Rate Type  screen displays.Chapter 1 Currency Rate Type 1-39Figure 1-28    Create Currency Rate Type 3.Specify the fields on Create Currency Rate Type  screen. Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 1-28    Create Currency Rate Type – Field Description Field Description Currency Rate Type Specify the currency rate type. Currency Rate Type DescriptionSpecify additional information about the currency rate type. 4.Click Save  to save the details. The currency rate type is successfully created and can be viewed using the View Currency Rate Type  screen. 1.13.2 View Currency Rate Type This topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of configured currency rate type. The user can configure currency rate type using Create Currency Rate Type  screen. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Home  screen, click Core Maintenance . Under Core Maintenance , click Currency Rate Type . 2.Under Currency Rate Type , click View Currency Rate Type . The View Currency Rate Type  screen displays.Chapter 1 Currency Rate Type 1-40Figure 1-29    View Currency Rate Type For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 1-29    View Currency Rate Type – Field Description Field Description Currency Rate Type Displays the currency rate type. Authorization Status Displays the authorization status of the record. The options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Displays the status of the record. The options are: •Open •Closed Modification Number Displays the number of modification performed on the record. 1.14 Customer Access Group This topic describes the information to configure the customer access group. This topic contains the following subtopics: •Create Customer Access Group This topic describes the systematic instructions to configure a customer access group. •View Customer Access GroupThis topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of configured customeraccess group. 1.14.1 Create Customer Access Group This topic describes the systematic instructions to configure a customer access group. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Home  screen, click Core Maintenance . Under Core Maintenance , click Customer Access Group . 2.Under Customer Access Group , click Create Customer Access Group . The Create Customer Access Group  screen displays.Chapter 1 Customer Access Group 1-41Figure 1-30    Create Customer Access Group 3.Specify the fields on Create Customer Access Group  screen. Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 1-30    Create Customer Access Group – Field Description Field Description Access Code Specify the access group. Access Code DescriptionSpecify the additional information about the access group. 4.Click Save  to save the details. The customer access group is successfully created and can be viewed using the  View Customer Access Group  screen. Note: Customer Access Group can be linked at the user level to restrictunauthorized access to Customer details. Refer Oracle Banking Security Management System User Guide  for more details. 1.14.2 View Customer Access Group This topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of configured customeraccess group. The user can configure customer access group using Create Customer Access Group  screen. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen.Chapter 1 Customer Access Group 1-421.On Home  screen, click Core Maintenance . Under Core Maintenance , click Customer Access Group . 2.Under Customer Access Group , click View Customer Access Group . The View Customer Access Group  screen displays. Figure 1-31    View Customer Access Group For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 1-31    View Customer Access Group – Field Description Field Description Access Group Displays the access group. Access Group DescriptionDisplays the additional information about the customer access group. Authorization Status Displays the authorization status of the access group.The options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Displays the record status of the access group. The options are: •Open •Closed Modification Number Displays the number of modification performed on the record. 1.15 Customer Category This topic describes the information to configure a Customer Category This topic contains the following subtopics: •Create Customer Category This topic describes the systematic instructions to configure a customer category. •View Customer CategoryThis topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of configured customercategory.Chapter 1 Customer Category 1-431.15.1 Create Customer Category This topic describes the systematic instructions to configure a customer category. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.From Home  screen, click Core Maintenance . Under Core Maintenance , click Customer Category . 2.Under Customer Category , click Create Customer Category . The Create Customer Category  screen displays. Figure 1-32    Create Customer Category 3.Specify the fields on Create Customer Category  screen. Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 1-32    Create Customer Category – Field Description Field Description Customer Category Specify the customer category. Customer Category DescriptionSpecify the additional information about the customer category. Populate Changes By default, this is disabled.If selected, displays the changes. 4.Click Save  to save the details. The customer category is successfully created and can be viewed using the View Customer Category  screen.Chapter 1 Customer Category 1-441.15.2 View Customer Category This topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of configured customer category. The user can configure customer category using Create Customer Category  screen. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.From Home  screen, click Core Maintenance . Under Core Maintenance , click Customer Category . 2.Under Customer Category , click View Customer Category . The View Customer Category  screen displays. Figure 1-33    View Customer Category For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 1-33    View Customer Category – Field Description Field Description Customer Category Displays the customer category. Authorization Status Displays the authorization status of the report. The options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Displays the record status of the report. The options are: •Open •Closed Modification Number Displays the number of modification performed on the record. 1.16 Data Segment This topic describes the information to configure an Data Segment. This topic contains the following subtopics:Chapter 1 Data Segment 1-45•Create Data Segment This topic describes the systematic instructions to configure the data segment. •View Data SegmentThis topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of configured datasegment. 1.16.1 Create Data Segment This topic describes the systematic instructions to configure the data segment. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Home  screen, click Core Maintenance . Under Core Maintenance , click Data Segment . 2.Under Data Segment , click Create Data Segment . The Create Data Segment  screen displays. Figure 1-34    Create Data Segment 3.Specify the fields on Create Data Segment  screen. Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 1-34    Create Data Segment – Field Description Field Description Data Segment Name Specify the data segment name to be maintained. Data Segment Code Specify the data segment code to be used. Domain Click Search  icon and select the domain from the list. Sub-Domain Specify the sub domain details.Chapter 1 Data Segment 1-46Table 1-34    (Cont.) Create Data Segment – Field Description Field Description Purpose Specify the purpose details. 4.Click Save  to save the details. The data segment is successfully created and can be viewed using the View Data Segment  screen. 5.Click Cancel  to discard the changes and close the screen. 1.16.2 View Data Segment This topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of configured data segment. The user can configure an data segment using Create Data Segment  screen. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Home  screen, click Core Maintenance . Under Core Maintenance , click Data Segment . 2.Under Data Segment , click View Data Segment . The View Data Segment  screen displays. Figure 1-35    View Data Segment For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 1-35    View Data Segment – Field Description Field Description Datasegment Name Displays the name of the datasegment. Datasegment Code Displays the code of the datasegment. Authorization Status Displays the authorization status of the record. The options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Displays the status of the record. The options are: •Open •Closed Modification Number Displays the number of modification performed on the record.Chapter 1 Data Segment 1-471.17 ECA System This topic describes the information to configure ECA system. This topic contains the following subtopics: •Create ECA System This topic describes the systematic instructions to configure ECA system details. •View ECA SystemThis topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of configured ECAsystem. 1.17.1 Create ECA System This topic describes the systematic instructions to configure ECA system details. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.From Home  screen, click Core Maintenance . Under Core Maintenance , click ECA System . 2.Under ECA System , click Create ECA System . The Create ECA System  screen displays. Figure 1-36    Create ECA System 3.Specify the fields on Create ECA System  screen. Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table.Chapter 1 ECA System 1-48Table 1-36    Create ECA System – Field Description Field Description Source System Specify the source system. Description Specify the additional information about the ECA system. 4.Click Save  to save details. The ECA system is successfully created and can be viewed using the View ECA System screen. 1.17.2 View ECA System This topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of configured ECA system. The user can configure ECA system using Create ECA System  screen. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.From Home  screen, click Core Maintenance . Under Core Maintenance , click ECA System . 2.Under ECA System , click View ECA System . The View ECA System  screen displays. Figure 1-37    View ECA System For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 1-37    View ECA System – Field Description Field Description ECA System Displays the name of the ECA system. Description Displays any additional information of the ECA system. Authorization Status Displays the authorization status of the record. The options are: •Authorized •Rejected •UnauthorizedChapter 1 ECA System 1-49Table 1-37    (Cont.) View ECA System – Field Description Field Description Record Status Displays the status of the record. The options are: •Open •Closed Modification Number Displays the number of modification performed on the record. 1.18 External Bank Parameters This topic describes the information to configure bank level parameters. This topic contains the following subtopics: •Create External Bank Parameters This topic describes the systematic instructions to configure external bankparameters. •View External Bank ParametersThis topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of configured external bank parameters. 1.18.1 Create External Bank Parameters This topic describes the systematic instructions to configure external bank parameters. The Bank Code  is auto-created for an entity when the entity is created. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.From Home  screen, click Core Maintenance . Under Core Maintenance , click External Bank Parameters . 2.Under External Bank Parameters , click Create External Bank Parameters . The Create External Bank Parameters  screen displays. Figure 1-38    Create External Bank Parameters Chapter 1 External Bank Parameters 1-503.Specify the fields on Create External Bank Parameters  screen. Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 1-38    Create External Bank Parameters – Field Description Field Description Bank Code Specify the code of the bank. Bank Name Specify the name of the bank. Head Office BranchClick Search  icon to view and select the required head office branch. BranchDescription Displays the branch description based on the selected Head Office Branch . Number of Daysto ForgetCustomer Specify the number of days to inactive/forget the customer. 4.Click Save  to save the details. The external bank parameters is successfully created and can be viewed using the View External Bank Parameters  screen. 1.18.2 View External Bank Parameters This topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of configured external bank parameters. The user can configure external bank parameters using Create External Bank Parameters screen. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.From Home  screen, click Core Maintenance . Under Core Maintenance , click External Bank Parameters . 2.Under External Bank Parameters , click View External Bank Parameters . The View External Bank Parameters  screen displays. Figure 1-39    View External Bank Parameters For more information on fields, refer to the field description table.Chapter 1 External Bank Parameters 1-51Table 1-39    View External Bank Parameters – Field Description Field Description Head Office Branch Displays the head office branch details. Maker Displays the name of the user who has configured the bank details. Once Authorized Indicates if the record is authorized once or not. Bank Code Displays the code of the bank. Authorization Status Displays the authorization status of the record.The options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Displays the status of the record. The options are: •Open •Closed Modification Number Displays the number of modification performed on the record. 1.19 External Branch Parameters This topics describes the information to configure branch level parameters. This topic contains the following subtopics: •Create External Branch Parameters This topic describes the systematic instructions to configure the external branchparameters. •View External Branch ParametersThis topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of configuredexternal bank parameters. 1.19.1 Create External Branch Parameters This topic describes the systematic instructions to configure the external branchparameters. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.From Home  screen, click Core Maintenance . Under Core Maintenance , click External Branch Parameters . 2.Under External Branch Parameters , click Create External Branch Parameters . The Create External Branch Parameters  screen displays.Chapter 1 External Branch Parameters 1-52Figure 1-40    Create External Branch Parameters 3.Specify the fields on Create External Branch Parameters  screen. Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 1-40    Create External Branch Parameters – Field Description Field Description Branch Code Specify a branch code. Branch Name Specify a name for the branch. Local Currency Click Search  icon to view and select the required local currency. Source System Click Search  icon to view and select the required source system. Source Branch CodeSpecify a source branch code. Address Line 1-3 Specify the address details. Host Code Click Search  and select the required host code. Country Code Displays the country code based on the selected Host Code . Host Name Specify the name for the host. Walk-inCustomer Click Search  icon to view and select the required walk-in customer. Weekly Holiday1-2 Select a weekly holiday from the drop-down list. Note: There are two days of weekly holiday depending on the geographical zone.Chapter 1 External Branch Parameters 1-53Table 1-40    (Cont.) Create External Branch Parameters – Field Description Field Description Auto AuthorizationBy default, it is disabled. If selected, the record is automatically authorized. Report DSN Specify the details of the report DSN. DSN Name Specify the DSN name. SWIFT Address Search and select the required SWIFT address. Default BIC If selected, indicates the selected SWIFT address as the default BIC. 4.Click Save  to save the details. The external branch parameters is successfully created and can be viewed using the View External Branch Parameters  screen. 1.19.2 View External Branch Parameters This topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of configured externalbank parameters. The user can configure external branch parameters using Create External Branch Parameters  screen. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.From Home  screen, click Core Maintenance . Under Core Maintenance , click External Branch Parameters . 2.Under External Branch Parameters , click View External Branch Parameters . The View External Branch Parameters  screen displays. Figure 1-41    View External Branch Parameters For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 1-41    View External Branch Parameters – Field Description Field Description Branch Code Displays the code of the bank. Branch Name Displays the name of the bank. Local Currency Displays the local currency details.Chapter 1 External Branch Parameters 1-54Table 1-41    (Cont.) View External Branch Parameters – Field Description Field Description Source Branch Code Displays the code of the source branch. Authorization Status Displays the authorization status of the record. The options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Displays the status of the record. The options are: •Open •Closed Modification Number Displays the number of modification performed on the record. Note: The Branch Parameters for the Head Office (HO) Branch of the entity gets autocreated when the entity is defined in the Multi-Entity Maintenance. Furtherchanges/configuration of the HO Branch can be performed by modifying therecord for the HO Branch’s Parameters. 1.20 External Chart Account This topic describes the information to configure an external chart. This topic contains the following subtopics: •Create External Chart Account This topic describes the systematic instructions to configure external chart accounts. •Chart Account HandoffThe maintenance screen allows you to initiate the handoff and view the handoff status. •Inter Branch Entry RetryThis maintenance screen allows you to view failed inter branch entry details and initiateretry. •Pre GL Balance CheckThis topic describes the systematic instructions to view the GL Balance. •Transaction LogThis topic describes the systematic instructions to view all the transaction. •Transaction Log Error DetailThis topic describes the systematic instructions to view all failed transactions failed duringchart account hand-off. •Unbalanced Transaction LogThis topic describes the systematic instructions to view all unbalanced transaction. •View External Chart AccountThis topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of configured externalchart accounts.Chapter 1 External Chart Account 1-551.20.1 Create External Chart Account This topic describes the systematic instructions to configure external chart accounts. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.From Home  screen, click Core Maintenance . Under Core Maintenance , click External Chart Account . 2.Under External Chart Account , click Create External Chart Account . The Create External Chart Account  screen displays. Figure 1-42    Create External Chart Account 3.Specify the fields on Create External Chart Account  screen. Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 1-42    Create External Chart Account – Field Description Field Description General Ledger CodeSpecify the general ledger code. General LedgerDescription Specify the additional information about the general ledger. Source System Click Search  icon to view and select the required source system. Source SystemGL Code Specify the source system GL code. Category Select the category from the drop-down list. Blocked By default, this is disabled. If selected, indicates the external chart account is blocked.Chapter 1 External Chart Account 1-564.Click Save  to save the details. The external chart account is successfully created and can be viewed using the View External Chart Account  screen. 1.20.2 Chart Account Handoff The maintenance screen allows you to initiate the handoff and view the handoff status. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.From Home  screen, click Core Maintenance . Under Core Maintenance , click External Chart Account . 2.Under External Chart Account , click Chart Account Handoff . The Chart Account Handoff  screen displays. Figure 1-43    Chart Account Handoff 3.Click the Search  icon, and select the branch code from the list to initiate the handoff. 4.Click the Handoff  button to initiate the handoff for the selected branch code. The Handoff  initiated popup screen displays. 5.Specify the fields on Chart Account Handoff  screen to filter the account handoff. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 1-43    Chart Account Handoff – Field Description Field Description Trigger ID Specify the Trigger ID  to view the particular handoff status. Branch Code Click the Search  icon, and select the branch code to view the handoff status. 6.Click Search  button to search and view the account handoff details. 7.Click    and select the Retry  to re-initiate the account handoff for the given trigger id. 8.Click the Reset  button to clear the account hand-off filter criteria.Chapter 1 External Chart Account 1-571.20.3 Inter Branch Entry Retry This maintenance screen allows you to view failed inter branch entry details and initiate retry. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.From Home  screen, click Core Maintenance . Under Core Maintenance , click External Chart Account . 2.Under External Chart Account , click Inter Branch Entry Retry . The Inter Branch Entry Retry  screen displays. Figure 1-44    Inter Branch Entry Retry 3.Specify the fields on Inter Branch Entry Retry  screen. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 1-44    Inter Branch Entry Retry – Field Description Field Description Transaction ReferenceNumber Specify the transaction reference number to view the details. TransactionBranch Click the Search  icon, and select the Transaction branch from the list. AccountBranch Click the Search  icon, and select the Account branch from the list. 4.Click the Search  button to search and view the inter branch entry retry. 5.Perform one of the following actions: a.Click Retry All  to re-initiate the inter branch entries. b.Click Retry  to re-initiate the inter branch entries. The Inter Branch Entry  popup screen displays. 6.Click the Reset  button to clear the search criteria. 1.20.4 Pre GL Balance Check This topic describes the systematic instructions to view the GL Balance. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen.Chapter 1 External Chart Account 1-581.From Home  screen, click Core Maintenance . Under Core Maintenance , click External Chart Account . 2.Under External Chart Account , click Pre GL Balance Check . The Pre GL Balance Check  screen displays. Figure 1-45    Pre GL Balance Check 3.Specify the fields on Pre GL Balance Check  screen. Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 1-45    Pre GL Balance Check – Field Description Field Description Branch Code Click the Search  icon, and select the branch code from the list to view the GL balance. Local Currency Auto populates the local currency based on the branch code selected. Product ProcessorClick the Search  icon, and select the product processor to which the GL balance to viewed. Module Code Click the Search  icon, and select the module code to which the GL balance to view. 4.Click the Fetch  button to view the real and contingent balance. 1.20.5 Transaction Log This topic describes the systematic instructions to view all the transaction. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.From Home  screen, click Core Maintenance . Under Core Maintenance , click External Chart Account . 2.Under External Chart Account , click Transaction Log . The Transaction Log  screen displays.Chapter 1 External Chart Account 1-59Figure 1-46    Transaction Log 3.Specify the fields on Transaction Log  screen. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 1-46    Transaction Log – Field Description Field Description Transaction ReferenceNumber Specify the reference number of the transaction. TransactionBranch Click Search  icon, and select branch code of the transaction. General LedgerCode Click Search  icon, and select general ledger code of the transaction. Source System Click Search  icon, and select source system of the transaction. Event Code Click Search  icon, and select event code of the transaction. Category Select the type of category from the drop-down list. •Asset •Liability •Income •Expense •Contingent Asset •Contingent Liability Product ProcessorClick the Search  icon, and select the product processor of the transaction. Module Code Click the Search  icon, and select the module code of the transaction. Note: This field appears when we click the Advanced  button.Chapter 1 External Chart Account 1-60Table 1-46    (Cont.) Transaction Log – Field Description Field Description Product Code Click the Search  icon, and select the product code of the transaction. Note: This field appears when we click the Advanced  button. Amount Tag Click the Search  icon, and select the amount tag of the transaction. Note: This field appears when we click the Advanced  button. 4.Click the Search  button to view the transaction details. 5.Click the Reset  button to clear the search criteria. 1.20.6 Transaction Log Error Detail This topic describes the systematic instructions to view all failed transactions failed during chart account hand-off. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.From Home  screen, click Core Maintenance . Under Core Maintenance , click External Chart Account . 2.Under External Chart Account , click Transaction Log Error Detail . The Transaction Log Error Detail  screen displays. Figure 1-47    Transaction Log Error Detail 3.Specify the fields on Transaction Log Error Detail  screen. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table.Chapter 1 External Chart Account 1-61Table 1-47    Transaction Log Error Detail – Field Description Field Description Transaction ReferenceNumber Specify the reference number of the transaction. TransactionBranch Click Search  icon, and select branch code of the transaction. Source System Click Search  icon, and select source system of the transaction. Event Code Click Search  icon, and select event code of the transaction. Triggered Via Specify the triggered via of the transaction. 4.Click the Search  button to view failed transactions during chart account handoff. 5.Click the Reset  button to clear the search criteria. 1.20.7 Unbalanced Transaction Log This topic describes the systematic instructions to view all unbalanced transaction. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.From Home  screen, click Core Maintenance . Under Core Maintenance , click External Chart Account . 2.Under External Chart Account , click Unbalanced Transaction Log . The Unbalanced Transaction Log  screen displays. Figure 1-48    Unbalanced Transaction Log 3.Specify the fields on Unbalanced Transaction Log  screen. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 1-48    Unbalanced Transaction Log – Field Description Field Description Transaction ReferenceNumber Specify the reference number of the transaction.Chapter 1 External Chart Account 1-62Table 1-48    (Cont.) Unbalanced Transaction Log – Field Description Field Description Transaction BranchClick Search  icon, and select branch code of the transaction. General LedgerCode Click Search  icon, and select general ledger code of the transaction. Source System Click Search  icon, and select source system of the transaction. Event Code Click Search  icon, and select event code of the transaction. Category Select the type of category from the drop-down list. •Asset •Liability •Income •Expense •Contingent Asset •Contingent Liability Product ProcessorClick the Search  icon, and select the product processor of the transaction. Module Code Click the Search  icon, and select the module code of the transaction. Note: This field appears when we click the Advanced  button. Product Code Click the Search  icon, and select the product code of the transaction. Note: This field appears when we click the Advanced  button. Amount Tag Click the Search  icon, and select the amount tag of the transaction. Note: This field appears when we click the Advanced  button. 4.Click the Search  button to view the unbalanced details. 5.Click the Reset  button to clear the search criteria. 1.20.8 View External Chart Account This topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of configured external chart accounts. The user can configure external chart account using Create External Chart Account  screen. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen.Chapter 1 External Chart Account 1-631.From Home  screen, click Core Maintenance . Under Core Maintenance , click External Chart Account . 2.Under External Chart Account , click View External Chart Account . The View External Chart Account  screen displays. Figure 1-49    View External Chart Account For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 1-49    View External Chart Account – Field Description Field Description General Ledger Code Displays the code of the general ledger. Source System Displays the source system details. Source System GL CodeDisplays the GL code of the source system. Authorization Status Displays the authorization status of the record. The options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Displays the status of the record. The options are: •Open •Closed Modification Number Displays the number of modification performed on the record. 1.21 External Customer This topic describes the information to configure the external customer details. This topic contains the following subtopics: •Create External Customer This topic describes the systematic instructions to configure the external customerdetails. •View External CustomerThis topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of configuredexternal customer details.Chapter 1 External Customer 1-641.21.1 Create External Customer This topic describes the systematic instructions to configure the external customer details. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.From Home  screen, click Core Maintenance . Under Core Maintenance , click External Customer . 2.Under External Customer , click Create External Customer . The Create External Customer  screen displays. Figure 1-50    Create External Customer 3.Specify the fields on Create External Customer  screen. Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 1-50    Create External Customer – Field Description Field Description Customer NumberSpecify the number for the customer. Customer Name Specify the name for the customer. Short Name Specify the short name for the customer. Customer Type Select one of the options: •Individual : If selected, the customer is an individual customer. •Corporate : If selected, the customer is a corporate customer. •Bank : If selected, the customer is a bank employee.Chapter 1 External Customer 1-65Table 1-50    (Cont.) Create External Customer – Field Description Field Description Source Customer IDSpecify the source customer ID. Source System Click Search  icon to view and select the required source system. CustomerCategory Click Search  icon to view and select the required customer category. RelationshipManager ID Specify the relationship manager ID. Access Group Search and select the required access group. Address Line 1-4 Specify the customer address details. Country Click Search  icon to view and select the required country. Postal Code Specify the postal code. Deceased By default, this is disabled. If selected, indicates the customer is deceased. Frozen By default, this is disabled.If selected, indicates the customer account is frozen. Whereabouts UnknownBy default, this is disabled. If selected, indicates the customers whereabouts are unknown. Sanction Check RequiredBy default, this is disabled. If selected, indicates the sanction check is required. Walk-in CustomerBy default, this is disabled. If selected, indicates a walk-in customer. Staff By default, this is disabled.If selected, indicates a staff customer. Language Click Search  icon to view and select the required language. Nationality Click Search  icon to view and select the required nationality. 4.Click Save  to save the details. The external customer is successfully created and can be viewed using the View External Customer  screen. In addition, the external customers can be directly replicated from the host system using service API. 1.21.2 View External Customer This topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of configured external customer details. The user can configure external customer using Create External Customer  screen. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.From Home  screen, click Core Maintenance . Under Core Maintenance , click External Customer . 2.Under External Customer , click View External Customer . The View External Customer  screen displays.Chapter 1 External Customer 1-66Figure 1-51    View External Customer For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 1-51    View External Customer – Field Description Field Description Customer Name Displays the name of the customer. Source System Displays the source system details. Customer Type Displays the type of the customer. Customer Number Displays the customer number associated with the customer name. Source Customer ID Displays the source of the customer ID associated with the customer name. Authorization Status Displays the authorization status of the record.The options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Displays the status of the record. The options are: •Open •Closed Modification Number Displays the number of modification performed on the record. 1.22 External Customer Account This topic helps to configure the external customer account details. This topic contains the following subtopics: •Create External Customer Account This topic describes the systematic instructions to configure external customer accountdetails. •View External Customer AccountThis topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of configured externalcustomer accounts.Chapter 1 External Customer Account 1-671.22.1 Create External Customer Account This topic describes the systematic instructions to configure external customer account details. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.From Home  screen, click Core Maintenance . Under Core Maintenance , click External Customer Account . 2.Under External Customer Account , click Create External Customer Account . The Create External Customer Account  screen displays. Figure 1-52    Create External Customer Account 3.Specify the fields on Create External Customer Account  screen. Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 1-52    Create External Customer Account – Field Description Field Description Customer AccountNumber Specify the customer account number. Account Name Specify the name for an account. CustomerNumber Click Search  icon to view and select the required customer number. CustomerName Displays the customer name based on the selected Customer Number . Account Class Select the account class from the drop-down list.Chapter 1 External Customer Account 1-68Table 1-52    (Cont.) Create External Customer Account – Field Description Field Description Account CurrencyClick Search  icon to view and select the required account currency. SourceAccountBranch Click Search  icon to view and select the required source account branch. SourceCustomerAccount Displays the source customer account based on the selected Source Account Branch . Account IBAN Specify the account IBAN details. PaymentEntitlementGroup Click Search  and select the payment entitlement group for the customer account. BranchEntitlementGroup Click Search  and select the branch entitlement group for the customer account. Address Line1-4 Specify the address details. Country Click Search  icon to view and select the required country. No Credit By default, this is disabled. If selected, indicates the account does not have any credit facility. No Debit By default, this is disabled.If selected, indicates the account does not have any debit facility. Blocked By default, this is disabled.If selected, indicates the account status is blocked. Frozen By default, this is disabled.If selected, indicates the account status is frozen. Dormant By default, this is disabled. If selected, indicates the account status isdormant. External Credit ApprovalRequired By default, this is disabled. If selected, indicates ECA check is required for the external customeraccount. External Credit ApprovalSystem Click Search  icon to view and select the required external credit approval system. Host Code Click Search  icon to view and select the required host code. Account OpenDate Select an effective date for the account from the drop-down calendar. 4.Click Save  to save the details. The external customer account is successfully created and can be viewed using the View External Customer Account  screen. In addition, the external customers can be directly replicated from the host system using service API. 1.22.2 View External Customer Account This topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of configured external customer accounts. The user can configure external customer account using Create External Customer Account screen.Chapter 1 External Customer Account 1-69Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.From Home  screen, click Core Maintenance . Under Core Maintenance , click External Customer Account . 2.Under External Customer Account , click View External Customer Account . The View External Customer Account  screen displays. Figure 1-53    View External Customer Account For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 1-53    View External Customer Account – Field Description Field Description Customer Account NumberDisplays the customer account number associated with the account name. Customer Number Displays the customer number associated with the accountname. Authorization Status Displays the authorization status of the record.The options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Displays the status of the record. The options are: •Open •Closed Modification Number Displays the number of modification performed on the record. 1.23 External Customer Account Structured Address This topic describes the information to configure the external customer account structured address details. This topic contains the following subtopics: •Create External Customer Account Structured Address This topic describes the systematic instructions to configure external customeraccount structured address.Chapter 1 External Customer Account Structured Address 1-70•View External Customer Account Structured Address This topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of configured externalcustomer account structured addresses. 1.23.1 Create External Customer Account Structured Address This topic describes the systematic instructions to configure external customer accountstructured address. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.From Home  screen, click Core Maintenance . Under Core Maintenance , click External Customer Account Structured Address . 2.Under External Customer Account Structured Address , click Create External Customer Account Structured Address . The Create External Customer Account Structured Address  screen displays. Figure 1-54    Create External Customer Account Structured Address 3.Specify the fields on Create External Customer Account Structured Address  screen. Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 1-54    Create External Customer Account Structured Address – Field Description Field Description Customer AccountClick Search  icon to view and select the required customer account. Account Name Displays the Account Name, Based on the Customer Account  is selected.Chapter 1 External Customer Account Structured Address 1-71Table 1-54    (Cont.) Create External Customer Account Structured Address – Field Description Field Description Department Specify the department. Sub Department Search and select the required country. Street Name Specify the street name. Building Number Specify the building number. Building Name Specify the building name. Floor Specify the floor. Post Box Specify the post box details. Room Specify the room number. Post Code Specify the post code. Town Name Specify the town name. Town Location NameSpecify the town location name. District Name Specify the district name. Country SubDivision Specify the country sub division. Country Click Search  icon to view and select the required country name. 4.Click Save  to save the details. The external customer account structured address is successfully created and can be viewed using the View External Customer Account Structured Address  screen. 1.23.2 View External Customer Account Structured Address This topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of configured external customer account structured addresses. The user can configure external customer account structured address account using  Create External Customer Account Structured Address  screen. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Home  screen, click Core Maintenance . Under Core Maintenance , click External Customer Account Structured Address . 2.Under External Customer Account Structured Address , click View External Customer Account Structured Address . The View External Customer Account Structured Address  screen displays. Figure 1-55    View External Customer Account Structured Address Chapter 1 External Customer Account Structured Address 1-72For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 1-55    View External Customer Account Structured Address – Field Description Field Description Customer Number Displays the customer number. Town Name Displays the town name of the customer. Country Displays the country of the customer. Authorization Status Displays the authorization status of the record. The options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Displays the status of the record. The options are: •Open •Closed Modification Number Displays the number of modification performed on the record. 1.24 External Virtual Account Structured Address This topic describes the information to configure the external virtual account structured address details. This topic contains the following subtopics: •View External Virtual Account Structured Address This topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of configured virtualaccount structured addresses. 1.24.1 View External Virtual Account Structured Address This topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of configured virtual accountstructured addresses. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.From Home  screen, click Core Maintenance . Under Core Maintenance , click External Virtual Account Structured Address . 2.Under External Virtual Account Structured Address , click View External Virtual Account Structured Address . The View External Virtual Account Structured Address  screen displays.Chapter 1 External Virtual Account Structured Address 1-73Figure 1-56    View External Virtual Account Structured Address For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 1-56    View External Virtual Account Structured Address – Field Description Field Description Customer Number Displays the customer number. Town Name Displays the town name of the customer. Country Displays the country name of the customer. Authorization Status Displays the authorization status of the record. The options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Displays the status of the record. The options are: •Open •Closed Modification Number Displays the number of modification performed on the record. The user can click on the specific tile to view the structured address details. 1.25 Forget Process This topic describes the information to configure a customer detail who wants to be forgotten using forget process. The Personally identifiable information (PII) is any data that could potentially identify a specific individual. PII data access can be controlled based on the user role and youcan configure details of a customer who wants to be forgotten if the customerwithdraws/does not avail the virtual account facility. This topic contains the following subtopics: •Forget Customer This topic describes the systematic instructions to configure a customer to beforgotten. •View Forgotten CustomerThis topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of the customers tobe forgetten.Chapter 1 Forget Process 1-741.25.1 Forget Customer This topic describes the systematic instructions to configure a customer to be forgotten. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Home  screen, click Core Maintenance . Under Core Maintenance , click Forget Process . 2.Under Forget Process , click Forget Customer . The Forget Customer  screen displays. Figure 1-57    Forget Customer 3.Specify the fields on Forget Customer  screen. Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 1-57    Forget Customer – Field Description Field Description Forget Customer Process IDSpecify a forget customer process ID. Forget Customer ProcessType Select one of the options: •Customer Initiated : If selected, indicates the customer has initiated the process. •Bank Initiated : If selected, indicates the bank has initiated the process. Customer Number Click Search  icon to view and select the customer number. Process Status Displays the process status.Chapter 1 Forget Process 1-754.Click + to specify the customer/bank details. 5.Click Save  to save the details. The forget customer is successfully done and can be viewed using the View Forgotten Customer  screen. 1.25.2 View Forgotten Customer This topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of the customers to be forgetten. The user can configure a customer detail who wants to be forgotten using the Forget Customer . Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Home  screen, click Core Maintenance . Under Core Maintenance , click Forget Process . 2.Under Forget Process , click View Forgotten Customer . The View Forgotten Customer  screen displays. Figure 1-58    View Forgotten Customer For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 1-58    View Forgotten Customer – Field Description Field Description Process Type Indicates if the process is initiated by the customer/bank Process ID Displays the forgotten customer process ID. Maker Displays the name of the user who has configured the forgotten customer details. Authorization Status Displays the authorization status of the record.The options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Displays the status of the record. The options are: •Open •Closed Modification Number Displays the number of modification performed on the record.Chapter 1 Forget Process 1-761.26 GL Parameter Maintenance This topic describes the information to configure an GL parameter maintenance. This topic contains the following subtopics: •Create GL Parameter This topic describes the systematic instructions to configure the GL parameter. •View GL ParameterThis topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of configured GLparameters. 1.26.1 Create GL Parameter This topic describes the systematic instructions to configure the GL parameter. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Home  screen, click Core Maintenance . Under Core Maintenance , click GL Parameter Maintenance . 2.Under GL Parameter Maintenance , click Create GL Parameter . The Create GL Parameter  screen displays. Figure 1-59    Create GL Parameter 3.Specify the fields on Create GL Parameter  screen. Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 1-59    Create GL Parameter – Field Description Field Description Interbranch Entries ConsolidationSelect the toggle to enable the interbranch entries consolidation to GL parameter. Scheduler Frequency(in milliseconds)Specify the time between two consecutive batch runs. Consolidate Entries forEnterprise GL Handoff Select the toggle to enable the Consolidate Entries for Enterprise GL Handoff to GL parameter. Max Request Size Specify the max request size for GL parameter.Chapter 1 GL Parameter Maintenance 1-774.Click Save  to save the details. The GL Parameter is successfully created and can be viewed using the View GL Parameter  screen. Note: The user can maintain only one set of GL Parameter. 5.Click Cancel  to discard the changes and close the screen. 1.26.2 View GL Parameter This topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of configured GL parameters. The user can configure an amount text language using Create GL Parameter  screen. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Home  screen, click Core Maintenance . Under Core Maintenance , click GL Parameter Maintenance . 2.Under GL Parameter Maintenance , click View GL Parameter . The View GL Parameter  screen displays. Figure 1-60    View GL Parameter For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 1-60    View GL Parameter – Field Description Field Description IB Consolidation Displays the IB Consolidation flag for GL parameter. Log Schedule Displays the log schedule for GL parameter Authorization StatusDisplays the authorization status of the record. The options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Displays the status of the record. The options are: •Open •ClosedChapter 1 GL Parameter Maintenance 1-78