3 Decision Service This topic describes the information about decision service. This topic contains the following subtopics: •Overview This topic describes the overview about the Decision service. •Process FlowThis topic describes the information about the entire process flow for the Decisionservice. •Strategy ConfigurationThis topic describes the information about the strategy configuration for Decision service. •System ParameterThis topic describes the information about the system parameter configured in Decisionservice. •LookupThis topic describes the information about the lookup feature in Decision service. •Product ProcessorThis topic describes the information about the product processor. •Borrowing CapacityThis topic describes the information about the total amount the applicant is eligible toborrow. •Strategy ConfigurationThis topic describes the information about the strategy configuration. •Scoring FeatureThis topic describes the information about the scoring feature in Decision service. •Quantitative Scoring ModelThis topic describes the information about the Quantitative scoring model for the Decisionservice. •Decision Grade MatrixThis topic describes the information about the decision grade matrix feature. •PricingThis topic describes the information about the pricing feature in Decision service. •Validation ModelThis topic describes the information about the Validation model. •Qualitative Scoring ModelThis topic describes the information about the Qualitative scoring model for the Decisionservice. •QuestionnaireThis topic describes the information about the questionnaire used for credit analysis. •CounterThis topic describes the information about the counter feature. 3-1•Charge Code This topic describes the information about the charge code feature. •Execution SummaryThis topic describes the information to view the decisions, credit score and pricingfor the processed application. •Integrating Decision Service with Oracle Banking Routing HubThis topic describes the information to integrate the Decision service with OracleBanking Routing Hub. 3.1 Overview This topic describes the overview about the Decision service. The Decision service provides automatic decision making capabilities that can allow lenders to develop simple business processes and strengthen the decision-makingprocess. It gives flexibility to adjust the credit scoring model according to the lending policy.When an organization calls the decision service to make a decision based on data attributes shared, system solves the best fit scoring model and provide scores anddecisions. Decision Service is a robust and scalable system that can be easily integrated with any product processor providing auto decision capability and risk based pricing. Figure 3-1    Decision Service Overview Decision service can be called from various product processor such as Collections, Deposits, Loans, Insurance, Trade Finance or Payment etc. This product processorcalls the decision service and the decision service intern uses the rule engine toconfigure various complex rules. The decision service can calculate behavioral scores and suggest the best recommended collection strategy accordingly. For lending products, it can offer a creditChapter 3 Overview 3-2score, a decision based on the score, the recommended rate of interest and the ability to calculate which is the maximum amount that can be borrowed by the applicant. 3.2 Process Flow This topic describes the information about the entire process flow for the Decision service. Figure 3-2    Decision Service - Process Flow Questionnaire The first step is to get the questionnaire. The product processor sends the data of all the applicants in the application. A qualitative scoring model is resolved for each applicant andthis information along with the details of the questionnaire is sent back to the productprocessor. The product processor captures the response to the questions and sends back aspart of the second step which is the execution of the credit decision. Validation Model First step in execution of the credit decision is validation screening. In this application prescreening is done to check the basic eligibility of the application as per the bank’s policy.For example, if the bank’s policy is not to fund to property in flood prone area, then as a partof this step, if the property is in flood prone area then the application will be rejected and theapplication will not be processed further. Or the applicant’s minimum age should be morethen 18 and the applicant applying is of less than 18, in that case the application is rejected,and it will not be processed further. Borrowing Capacity Once eligibility is checked, the next step is borrowing capacity. This is the maximum loan amount the applicant is eligible for. The stage at which it is to be calculated depends on theconfiguration made. It can be calculated before the scoring after the decision. The loanamount considered for decision is minimum of requested loan amount or the amountcalculated for scoring, decision and pricing.Chapter 3 Process Flow 3-3Qualitative Score After borrowing capacity, the next step is qualitative scoring done using the feedback from the applicants for questionnaire. Quantitative Score After qualitative scoring next step is quantitative scoring where scoring is done using application and bureau attributes such as salary, number of credit lines, bureau score,etc. Decision and Grade The decision on the application is done based on the quantitative and qualitative scores. The decision can be approve, manual or decline. The borrowing capacity can also be calculated after the decision, in this case, the amount calculated will be used only for pricing. Pricing The last step is to determine the recommended interest rate. This is a risk-based price that refers to offering different interest rates to different customers depending on theirrisk exposure. 3.3 Strategy Configuration This topic describes the information about the strategy configuration for Decisionservice. Decision service is used for multiple purposes such as borrowing capacity, borrowing capacity plus pricing, only pricing, only decision, logical plus decision, etc. Systemshould have an ability to configure the strategy like when the decision service is beingcalled for borrowing capacity, should the request pass through the logical check. Inaddition, the product processor can configure different strategies for different producttypes or customer types. Strategy configuration allows the product processor toconfigure the strategy as per its requirements for all the modes for which decisionservice can be called. Separate strategy can be defined for origination, servicing orcollection. In addition, multiple strategy can be defined for the same module like fororigination, that is, multiple strategy can be defined. This maintenance allows theproduct processor to configure the strategy according to its need for all the modes forwhich the decision service can be called for. The various request types using which the product processor can call the decision service are mentioned below: •Score, Decision, and Pricing •Score and Decision •Scores •Pricing and Borrowing Capacity •Pricing •Borrowing Capacity •DecisionChapter 3 Strategy Configuration 3-4•Qualitative Score •Quantitative Score 3.4 System Parameter This topic describes the information about the system parameter configured in Decision service. System Parameter define the information or values used throughout the system and drives the behavior of the features. They control the way task is executed, or whether the systemperforms a particular task. Some of the parameters are set when the system is installed, butthe values associated with the parameter needs to be reviewed and is to be maintained. Example: •qualitativeScore •quantitativeScore •applicant_score •Requested Amount •CDS GRADE The fact associated to these system parameters are used programmatically and added in the pool of facts. To define the system parameters, the keys of the system parameters have to bedefined in a lookup called SYSPARAM. This topic contains the following subtopics: •Create System Parameter This topic describes the systematic instructions to create system parameter by updatingthe various details. •View System ParameterThis topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of configured systemparameter. 3.4.1 Create System Parameter This topic describes the systematic instructions to create system parameter by updating thevarious details. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Homescreen , click Core Maintenance , under Core Maintenance , click Credit Decision . 2.Under Credit Decision , click Maintenance , under Maintenance , click System Parameter , under System Parameter , click Create System Parameter . The Create System Parameter screen displays.Chapter 3 System Parameter 3-5Figure 3-3    Create System Parameter 3.On Create System Parameter  screen, specify the fields. Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-1    Create System Parameter - Field Description Field Description Parameter Code Select the parameter code from the drop-down list. Parameter Description Specify the short description for the parameter code. Product Processor Select the product processor from the drop-down list for which the parameter is being created. Value Specify the value for the parameter code. 4.Click Save  to save the details. The System Parameter  is successfully created and can be viewed using the View System Parameter  screen. 3.4.2 View System Parameter This topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of configured system parameter. The user can configure the system parameter using the Create System Parameter screen. The status of the created system parameter is displayed as Unauthorized  and Open . Once the checker authorizes the system parameter, the status is updated to Authorized  and Open . Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Homescreen , click Core Maintenance , under Core Maintenance , click Credit Decision . 2.Under Credit Decision , click Maintenance , under Maintenance , click System Parameter , under System Parameter , click View System Parameter . The View System Parameter  screen displays.Chapter 3 System Parameter 3-6Figure 3-4    View System Parameter For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-2    View System Parameter - Field Description Field Description Parameter Code Displays the parameter code. Description Displays the description of the parameter code. Product Processor Displays the product processor of the parameter. Authorization Status Displays the authorization status of the record. The options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Displays the status of the record. The options are: •Open •Closed Modification Number Displays the number of modification performed on the record. 3.On View System Parameter  screen, click    icon. The View System Parameter - Search  screen displays.Chapter 3 System Parameter 3-7Figure 3-5    View System Parameter - Search 4.On View System Parameter - Search  screen, specify the Search Filter  to fetch the required system parameter. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-3    View System Parameter - Search – Field Description Field Description Parameter Code Specify the parameter code. Authorization Status Select the authorization status from the drop-down list. The available options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Select the record status from the drop-down list. The available options are: •Open •Closed 5.Click Search  to display the required system parameter. 6.On View System Parameter  screen, click    icon to Unlock , Delete , Authorize  or View  the created parameters. 7.Click Unlock  to modify the created system parameter. The System Parameter Maintenance - Modify  screen displays.Chapter 3 System Parameter 3-8Figure 3-6    System Parameter Maintenance - Modify For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-4    System Parameter Maintenance - Modify - Field Description Field Description Parameter Code Displays the created parameter code. Parameter Description Displays the created parameter description. Product Processor Specify the product processor of the created parameter. Value Specify the value for the created parameter. 8.Click Save  to update the modified fields. 9.Click View  to view the created system parameter. The System Parameter Maintenance - View  screen displays. Figure 3-7    System Parameter Maintenance - View For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-5    System Parameter Maintenance - View - Field Description Field Description Parameter Code Displays the created parameter code. Parameter Description Displays the created parameter description. Product Processor Displays the product processor of the created parameter. Value Displays the value for the created parameter. 3.5 Lookup This topic describes the information about the lookup feature in Decision service. The lookup are the service for mapping of keys and values used to enrich the description of the data displayed to the user. The lookup screen allows user to define contents for a list ofChapter 3 Lookup 3-9drop-down or value fields. These are used throughout the system. The identified fields only accept the entries stored. Below are some examples of the lookup fields. •Static/Enumeration values–Decision: Like Approve, Decline, Manual. –Colour – like red, green etc. Colour is used to highlight the decision i.e. Approve to be highlighted in Green, Reject can be highlighted in Red. Thecolour and decision combination is configurable. –Grade like A, B, C etc. –Strategy Configuration Code –ScoringModelType, –ExecutionSteps, –ExecutionModes, –BWCExecStage, –QuestionType, –QuestionSubType •Dependent lookup based on another selection –Pricing lookup - Based on decision, Pricing should have different behaviour based on decision. This topic contains the following subtopics: •Create Lookup This topic describes the systematic instructions to create lookup definitions byupdating various details. •View LookupThis topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of configuredlookup for Decision Service. 3.5.1 Create Lookup This topic describes the systematic instructions to create lookup definitions byupdating various details. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Homescreen , click Core Maintenance , under Core Maintenance , click Credit Decision . 2.Under Credit Decision , click Maintenance , under Maintenance , click Lookup , under Lookup , click Create Lookup . The Create Lookup  screen displays.Chapter 3 Lookup 3-10Figure 3-8    Create Lookup 3.On Create Lookup  screen, specify the fields. Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-6    Create Lookup - Field Description Field Description Lookup Type Specify the unique lookup type name. Description Specify the short description for lookup. + button Click to add a new row. - button Click to delete a row that is already added. Lookup Code Specify the unique lookup code. Description Specify the short description for lookup. Sort Order Specify the sort order. Dependent IdentifierSpecify the dependent Identifier. Enable By default this option is enabled. Indicates if the lookup is enabled or not. 4.Click Save  to save the details. The Lookup  is successfully created and can be viewed using the View Lookup  screen. 3.5.2 View Lookup This topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of configured lookup for Decision Service. The user can configure the lookup using the Create Lookup  screen. The status of the created lookup is displayed as Unauthorized  and Open . Once the checker authorizes the lookup, the status is updated to Authorized  and Open . Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen.Chapter 3 Lookup 3-111.On Homescreen , click Core Maintenance , under Core Maintenance , click Credit Decision . 2.Under Credit Decision , click Maintenance , under Maintenance , click Lookup , under Lookup , click View Lookup . The View Lookup  screen displays. Figure 3-9    View Lookup For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-7    View Lookup - Field Description Field Description Lookup Type Displays the lookup type. Description Displays the description of the lookup type. Authorization Status Displays the authorization status of the record. The options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Displays the status of the record. The options are: •Open •Closed Modification Number Displays the number of modification performed on the record. 3.On View Lookup  screen, click    icon. The View Lookup - Search  screen displays.Chapter 3 Lookup 3-12Figure 3-10    View Lookup - Search 4.On View Lookup - Search  screen, specify the Search Filter  to fetch the required lookup. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-8    View Lookup – Search – Field Description Field Description Lookup Type Specify the lookup type name. Authorization Status Select the authorization status of the lookup. The options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Select the record status of the lookup. The options are: •Open •Closed 5.Click Search  to display the required lookup. 6.On View Lookup  screen, click    icon to Unlock , Delete , Authorize  or View  the created lookup. 7.Click Unlock  to modify the created lookup. The Lookup Maintenance - Modify  screen displays.Chapter 3 Lookup 3-13Figure 3-11    Lookup Maintenance - Modify For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-9    Lookup Maintenance - Modify - Field Description Field Description Lookup Type Displays the created lookup type. Description Specify the description of the lookup type. Lookup Code Displays the lookup code for the created lookup. Description Displays the description for the created lookup. Sort Order Displays the sort order for the created lookup. Dependent IdentifierDisplays the dependent identifier for the created lookup. Enable Displays the lookup code if enabled for the created lookup. 8.Click Save  to update the modified fields. 9.Click View  to view the created lookup code. The Lookup Maintenance - View  screen displays. Figure 3-12    Lookup Maintenance - View For more information on fields, refer to the field description table.Chapter 3 Lookup 3-14Table 3-10    Lookup Maintenance - View - Field Description Field Description Lookup Type Displays the created lookup type. Description Displays the created lookup type description. Lookup Code Displays the lookup code for the created lookup. Description Displays the description for the created lookup. Sort Order Displays the sort order for the created lookup. Dependent IdentifierDisplays the dependent identifier for the created lookup. Enable Displays the lookup code if enabled for the created lookup. 3.6 Product Processor This topic describes the information about the product processor. The source system calling the decision system for decisioning the credit application is defined as product processor. There are multiple data segments like account information, customerdetails, collateral details, credit bureau information or any additional notes if any is receivedfrom the product processor for credit decisioning and pricing in decision service. This topic contains the following subtopics: •Create Product Processor This topic describes the systematic instructions to create product processor by updatingvarious details. •View Product ProcessorThis topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of product processor. •Create Product ProcessorThis topic describes the systematic instructions to create product processor by updatingvarious details. •View Product ProcessorThis topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of product processor. 3.6.1 Create Product Processor This topic describes the systematic instructions to create product processor by updatingvarious details. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Homescreen , click Core Maintenance , under Core Maintenance , click Credit Bureau . 2.Under Credit Bureau , click Maintenance , under Maintenance , click Product Processor , under Product Processor , click Create Product Processor . The Create Product Processor screen displays.Chapter 3 Product Processor 3-15Figure 3-13    Create Product Processor 3.On Create Product Processor  screen, specify the fields. Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-11    Create Product Processor - Field Description Field Description Product ProcessorCode Specify the unique product processor code. ProductProcessorDescription Specify the short description for product processor. Effective Date Specify the effective date. Expiry Date Specify the expiry date. 4.Click Save  to save the details. The Product Processor  is successfully created and can be viewed using the  View Product Processor  screen. 3.6.2 View Product Processor This topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of product processor. The user can create the product processor using the Create Product Processor screen. The status of the created system parameter is displayed as Unauthorized  and Open.  Once the checker authorizes the system parameter, the status is updated to Authorized  and Open . Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Homescreen , click Core Maintenance , under Core Maintenance , click Credit Bureau .Chapter 3 Product Processor 3-162.Under Credit Bureau , click Maintenance , under Maintenance , click Product Processor , under Product Processor , click View Product Processor . The View Product Processor  screen displays. Figure 3-14    View Product Processor For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-12    View Product Processor - Field Description Field Description Product Processor Code Displays the product processor code. Product Processor DescriptionDisplays the description of the product processor. Authorization Status Displays the authorization status of the record. The options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Displays the status of the record. The options are: •Open •Closed Modification Number Displays the number of modification performed on the record. 3.On View Product Processor  screen, click    icon. The View Product Processor - Search  screen displays.Chapter 3 Product Processor 3-17Figure 3-15    View Product Processor - Search 4.On View Product Processor - Screen  screen, specify the Search Filter  to fetch the required product processor. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-13    View Product Processor - Search - Field Description Field Description Product Processor CodeSpecify the product processor code. Product ProcessorDescription Specify the product processor description. Authorization Status Select the authorization status of the product processor. The available options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Select the record status of the product processor. The available options are: •Open •Closed 5.Click Search  to display the required product processor.Chapter 3 Product Processor 3-186.On View Product Processor  screen, click    icon to Unlock , Delete , Authorize or View  the created product processor. 7.Click Unlock  to modify the created product processor. The Product Processor Maintenance - Modify  screen displays. Figure 3-16    Product Processor Maintenance - Modify For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-14    Product Processor Maintenance - Modify - Field Description Field Description Product Processor Code Displays the product processor code. Product Processor DescriptionDisplays the product processor description. User can modify the same. Effective Date Displays the effective date of the created product processor.User can modify the same before authorization if it is future dated. Expiry Date Displays the expiry date of the created product processor.User can modify the same. 8.Click Save  to update the modified fields. 9.Click View  to view the created product processor. The Product Processor Maintenance - View  screen displays.Chapter 3 Product Processor 3-19Figure 3-17    Product Processor Maintenance - View For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-15    Product Processor Maintenance - View - Field Description Field Description Product Processor CodeDisplays the product processor code. Product ProcessorDescription Displays the product processor description. Effective Date Displays the effective date of the created product processor. Expiry Date Displays the expiry date of the created product processor. 3.7 Borrowing Capacity This topic describes the information about the total amount the applicant is eligible to borrow. Maximum loan amount are used for loans, credit cards, and line of credit accounts. The maximum credit amount depends on a number of factors including the borrower’scredit worthiness, that is, financial profile and debt to income, loan term, loan purpose,whether the loan is supported by a collateral etc. Using this screen, the user can link a rule for calculating borrowing capacity. The user can calculate the maximum lendable amount based on the various criteria of thelender such as debt to income ratio, credit score, credit history, etc. A sample rule to calculate borrowing capacity is given below:Scenario: Based on Income and FICO scoreRule 1:IF MIN(FICO_SCORE) >= 500 AND MIN(EMPLOYMENT_PERIOD )< 1 YEARTHEN MULTIPLIER = 5ELSEIF MIN(FICO_SCORE) < 500 AND MIN(EMPLOYMENT_PERIOD) > 1 YEARTHEN MULTIPLIER = 4Rule2:  Max Lendable AmountChapter 3 Borrowing Capacity 3-20MIN(Income) * Rule1 This topic contains the following subtopics: •Create Borrowing Capacity This topic describes the systematic instructions to define the borrowing capacity basedon the various input. •View Borrowing CapacityThis topic describes the systematic instructions to view the borrowing capacity. 3.7.1 Create Borrowing Capacity This topic describes the systematic instructions to define the borrowing capacity based on thevarious input. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Homescreen , click Core Maintenance , under Core Maintenance , click Credit Decision . 2.Under Credit Decision , click Maintenance , under Maintenance , click Borrowing Capacity , under Borrowing Capacity , click Create Borrowing Capacity . The Create Borrowing Capacity  screen displays. Figure 3-18    Create Borrowing Capacity 3.On Create Borrowing Capacity  screen, specify the fields. Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table.Chapter 3 Borrowing Capacity 3-21Table 3-16    Create Borrowing Capacity - Field Description Field Description Borrowing Capacity CodeSpecify the unique borrowing capacity code. Borrowing CapacityDescription Specify a short description for the borrowing capacity. Effective Date Specify the effective date. Expiry Date Specify the expiry date. Product Processor Specify the product processor for which the borrowing capacity is being defined. Execution Stage Select the required option for execution stage from the drop-down list.The available options are: •Before Decision : If this option is selected, amount is calculated before scoring model resolution. Loan amount is replaced with the minimum of requested loan amountand maximum lendable amount for scoring and pricing. •After Decision : If this option is selected, Amount is calculated after decision and before pricing. Loan amountis replaced with the minimum of requested loan amountand maximum lendable amount for pricing. 4.On Create Borrowing Capacity  screen, click Selection Criteria  tab to define selection criteria rules. The Create Borrowing Capacity - Selection Criteria  screen displays.Chapter 3 Borrowing Capacity 3-22Figure 3-19    Create Borrowing Capacity - Selection Criteria For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-17    Create Borrowing Capacity - Selection Criteria - Field Description Field Description Use Existing Rule By default, this option is enabled. Indicates if the existing rule is linked. Rule Code Select the rule code from the drop down list.  Click this icon to get the information about the rule. Rule Name Displays the rule name for the selected rule code. New Select this option to create new rule. Code Specify the rule code. Description Specify the rule description. + icon Click this icon to add new expression.Chapter 3 Borrowing Capacity 3-23Table 3-17    (Cont.) Create Borrowing Capacity - Selection Criteria - Field Description Field Description Fact / Rules Select the fact or rule from the drop-down list. Once the user selects the fact/rules, one more field opens adjacentto the output, update the same based on the selected output option. Operator Select the comparison operator from the drop-down list.The available options are: •< •> •+ •= •% •!= •- •>= •<= •* •/ •Contains •In •Matches •NotMatches •NotContains •Notin Data Type Select the data type for the fact or rule. Once the user select the data type, one more field opens adjacentto the output, update the same based on the selected output option. The available options are: •Text •Number •Boolean •Date •Fact •Rules The below option appears if the Data Type  is selected as Boolean . •True •False Output Select the output from the drop-down list. Once the user select the data type, one more field opens adjacentto the output, update the same based on the selected output option. The available options are: •Text •Number •Boolean •Date •Fact •Rules The below option appears if the Data Type  is selected as Boolean . •True •FalseChapter 3 Borrowing Capacity 3-24Table 3-17    (Cont.) Create Borrowing Capacity - Selection Criteria - Field Description Field Description Expression Displays the expression updated in the expression builder. 5.On Create Borrowing Capacity  screen, click the Eligibility  to define eligibility. The Create Borrowing Capacity - Eligibility  screen displays. Figure 3-20    Create Borrowing Capacity - Eligibility For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-18    Create Borrowing Capacity - Eligibility - Field Description Field Description + icon Click this icon to add a new row. - icon Click this icon to delete a row, which is already added. Actions Select this check box corresponding to the row to be deleted. Fact ID Select the fact ID from the drop-down list. Rule ID Select the rule ID from the drop-down list.  Click this icon to get the information about the rule. 6.Click Save  to save the details. The Borrowing Capacity  is successfully created and can be viewed using the View Borrowing Capacity  screen.Chapter 3 Borrowing Capacity 3-253.7.2 View Borrowing Capacity This topic describes the systematic instructions to view the borrowing capacity. The user can configure the borrowing capacity using the Create Borrowing Capacity screen. The status of the created capacity is displayed as Unauthorized  and Open . Once the checker authorizes the capacity, the status is updated to Authorized  and Open . Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Homescreen , click Core Maintenance , under Core Maintenance , click Credit Decision . 2.Under Credit Decision , click Maintenance , under Maintenance , click Borrowing Capacity , under Borrowing Capacity , click View Borrowing Capacity . The View Borrowing Capacity  screen displays. Figure 3-21    View Borrowing Capacity For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-19    View Borrowing Capacity – Field Description Field Description Borrowing Capacity CodeDisplays the borrowing capacity code. Borrowing CapacityDescription Displays the borrowing capacity description. Product Processor Displays the product processor. Authorization Status Displays the authorization status of the record. The options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Displays the status of the record. The options are: •Open •Closed Modification Number Displays the number of modification performed on the record. 3.On View Borrowing Capacity  screen, click  Chapter 3 Borrowing Capacity 3-26icon. The View Borrowing Capacity - Search  screen displays. Figure 3-22    View Borrowing Capacity - Search 4.On View Borrowing Capacity - Search  screen, specify the Search Filter  to fetch the required borrowing capacity.For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-20    View Borrowing Capacity - Search – Field Description Field Description Borrowing Capacity CodeSpecify the borrowing capacity code. BorrowingCapacityDescription Specify the borrowing capacity description.Chapter 3 Borrowing Capacity 3-27Table 3-20    (Cont.) View Borrowing Capacity - Search – Field Description Field Description Authorization StatusSelect the authorization status from the drop-down list. The available options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Select the record status from the drop-down list. The available options are: •Open •Closed Modification NumberDisplays the number of modification performed on the record. 5.Click Search  to display to required borrowing capacity. 6.On View Borrowing Capacity  screen, click icon to Unlock , Delete , Authorize  or View  the created borrowing capacity. 7.Click Unlock  to modify the borrowing capacity. The Borrowing Capacity Maintenance - Modify  screen displays.Chapter 3 Borrowing Capacity 3-28Figure 3-23    Borrowing Capacity Maintenance - Modify Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-21    Borrowing Capacity Maintenance - Modify - Field Description Field Description Borrowing Capacity CodeDisplays the model code for the created borrowing capacity. BorrowingCapacityDescription The user can modify the model description for the created borrowing capacity. Effective Date The user can modify effective date for the borrowing capacity. Expiry Date The user can modify date of the created borrowing capacity. ProductProcessor Displays the product processor for the borrowing capacity. Execution Stage Displays execution stage for the borrowing capacity.Chapter 3 Borrowing Capacity 3-29Table 3-21    (Cont.) Borrowing Capacity Maintenance - Modify - Field Description Field Description Use Existing RuleIndicates if the existing rule is linked. Rule Code The user can modify the rule code for the created borrowing capacity.  Click this icon to get the information about the rule. Rule Name Displays the rule name of the rule code for the created borrowing capacity. Create New Rule The user can modify the rule code for the created borrowing capacity. Code Specify the new rule code for borrowing capacity. Description Specify the rule description for the borrowing capacity. Fact / Rules Displays the fact or rule for the created borrowing capacity. Operator Displays the comparison operator for the created borrowing capacity. Data Type Displays the data type for the fact or rule for the created borrowing capacity. Output Displays the output for the created borrowing capacity. Expression Displays the expression updated in the expression builder for the created borrowing capacity. Fact ID The user can modify the fact ID of the created borrowing capacity. Rule ID The user can modify the rule ID of the created borrowing capacity.  Click this icon to get the information about the rule. 8.Click Save  to update the modified fields. 9.Click View  to view the borrowing capacity. The Borrowing Capacity Maintenance – View  screen displays.Chapter 3 Borrowing Capacity 3-30Figure 3-24    Borrowing Capacity Maintenance – View For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-22    Borrowing Capacity Maintenance - View - Field Description Field Description Borrowing Capacity Code Displays the model code for the created borrowing capacity. Borrowing Capacity DescriptionDisplays the model description for the created borrowing capacity. Effective Date Displays effective date for the borrowing capacity. Expiry Date Displays date of the created borrowing capacity. Product Processor Displays the product processor for the borrowing capacity. Execution Stage Displays execution stage for the borrowing capacity. Use Existing Rule Indicates if the existing rule is linked. Rule Code Displays the rule code for the created borrowing capacity.  Click this icon to get the information about the rule.Chapter 3 Borrowing Capacity 3-31Table 3-22    (Cont.) Borrowing Capacity Maintenance - View - Field Description Field Description Rule Name Displays the rule name of the rule code for the created borrowing capacity. Create New Rule Displays the rule code for the created borrowing capacity. Code Displays the rule code for borrowing capacity. Description Displays the rule description for the borrowing capacity. Fact / Rules Displays the fact or rule for the created borrowing capacity. Operator Displays the comparison operator for the created borrowingcapacity. Data Type Displays the data type for the fact or rule for the created borrowingcapacity. Output Displays the output for the created borrowing capacity. Expression Displays the expression updated in the expression builder for thecreated borrowing capacity. Fact ID Displays the fact ID of the created borrowing capacity. Rule ID Displays the rule ID of the created borrowing capacity.  Click this icon to get the information about the rule. 3.8 Strategy Configuration This topic describes the information about the strategy configuration. Decision service is used for multiple purposes such as borrowing capacity, borrowing capacity plus pricing, only pricing, only decision, logical plus decision etc. Systemshould have an ability to configure the strategy like when the decision service is beingcalled for borrowing capacity, should the request pass through the logical check. Inaddition, the product processor can configure different strategies for different producttypes or customer types. Strategy configuration allows the product processor toconfigure the strategy as per its requirements for all the modes for which decisionservice can be called. Separate strategy can be defined for origination, servicing orcollection. In addition, multiple strategy can be defined for the same module like fororigination i.e. multiple strategy can be defined. This maintenance allows the productprocessor to configure the strategy according to its need for all the modes for whichthe decision service can be called for. This topic contains the following subtopics: •Create Strategy Configuration This topic describes the systematic instructions to create strategy configuration asper the requirement. •View Strategy ConfigurationThis topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of strategyconfiguration.Chapter 3 Strategy Configuration 3-323.8.1 Create Strategy Configuration This topic describes the systematic instructions to create strategy configuration as per the requirement. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Homescreen , click Core Maintenance , under Core Maintenance , click Credit Decision . 2.Under Credit Decision , click Maintenance , under Maintenance , click Strategy Configuration , under Strategy Configuration , click Create Strategy Configuration . The Create Strategy Configuration  screen displays. Figure 3-25    Create Strategy Configuration 3.On Create Strategy Configuration  screen, specify the fields. Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table.Chapter 3 Strategy Configuration 3-33Table 3-23    Create Strategy Configuration - Field Description Field Description Strategy Code Specify the unique strategy code. Strategy Code DescriptionSpecify the short description for the strategy code. ProductProcessor Specify the product processor for which the strategy is being configured. Product ProcessorDescription Displays the product processor description. Industry Select the industry type from the drop-down list . The values are configurable based on the lookup values maintained. The available options are: •Banking Industry •Insurance •Trade Finance Line Of BusinessSelect the line of business type from the drop-down list . The values are configurable based on the lookup values maintained. The available options are: •Corporate •Retail •SMEnt Account CategoryIndicates whether the strategy created is for asset or Liabilities. Module Select the module from the drop-down list . The values are configurable based on the lookup values maintained. The available options are: •Collection •Origination •Servicing Effective Date Specify the effective date. Expiry Date Specify the expiry date. + button Click to add a new facts. - button Click to delete a row that is already added. Type Select the fact type from the drop-down list. Value Select the value configured for the fact type from the drop-down list. The values are configurable based on the lookup values maintained.Chapter 3 Strategy Configuration 3-34Table 3-23    (Cont.) Create Strategy Configuration - Field Description Field Description Modes Select the modes from the drop-down list. The available options are: •Borrowing Capacity •decision & Grade •Pricing •Qualitative Score •Quantitative Score •Score •Score and Decision •Score, Decision & Pricing If the Module  is selected as Collection , then below options are available. •Decision & Grade •Qualitative Score •Quantitative Score •Score •Score and Decision Steps Steps are defined based on the modes selected. Example: If Borrowing Capacity  mode is selected, the check box for borrowing capacity is by default selected and disabled. Y ou can select the other steps. 4.Click Save  to save the details. The Strategy Configuration  is successfully created and can be viewed using the View Strategy Configuration  screen. 3.8.2 View Strategy Configuration This topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of strategy configuration. The user can create the strategy configuration using the Create Strategy Configuration screen. The status of the created strategy configuration is displayed as Unauthorized  and Open . Once the checker authorizes the strategy configuration, the status is updated to Authorized  and Open . Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Homescreen , click Core Maintenance , under Core Maintenance , click Credit Decision . 2.Under Credit Decision , click Maintenance , under Maintenance , click Strategy Configuration , under Strategy Configuration , click View Strategy Configuration . The View Strategy Configuration  screen displays.Chapter 3 Strategy Configuration 3-35Figure 3-26    View Strategy Configuration For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-24    View Strategy Configuration - Field Description Field Description Strategy Code Displays the strategy code. Strategy DescriptionDisplays the description of the strategy. ProductProcessor Displays the product processor of the strategy. AuthorizationStatus Displays the authorization status of the record. The options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Displays the status of the record. The options are: •Open •Closed Modification NumberDisplays the number of modification performed on the record. 3.On View Strategy Configuration  screen, click icon. The View Strategy Configuration - Search  screen displays.Chapter 3 Strategy Configuration 3-36Figure 3-27    View Strategy Configuration - Search 4.On View Strategy Configuration - Search  screen, specify the Search Filter  to fetch the required strategy configuration. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-25    View Strategy Configuration - Search – Field Description Field Description Strategy Code Specify the strategy code. Strategy Description Specify the description of the strategy. Authorization Status Select the authorization status from the drop-down list. The available options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Select the record status from the drop-down list. The available options are: •Open •Closed 5.Click Search  to display the required strategy configuration. 6.On View Strategy Configuration  screen, Click  Chapter 3 Strategy Configuration 3-37icon, to Unlock , Delete , Authorize  or View  the created strategy configuration. 7.Click Unlock  to modify the created strategy configuration. The Strategy Configuration Maintenance - Modify  screen displays. Figure 3-28    Strategy Configuration Maintenance - Modify For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-26    Strategy Configuration Maintenance - Modify - Field Description Field Description Strategy Code Displays the created strategy code. Strategy Code DescriptionDisplays the created strategy code description. ProductProcessor Displays the product processor for the created strategy configuration. ProductProcessorDescription Displays the product processor description for the created strategy configuration. Account CategoryDisplays the account category for the created strategy configuration. Module Displays the module for the created strategy configuration. Effective Date Displays the effective date for the created strategy configuration. Expiry Date Select the expiry date for the created strategy configuration.Chapter 3 Strategy Configuration 3-38Table 3-26    (Cont.) Strategy Configuration Maintenance - Modify - Field Description Field Description Type Displays the fact type for the created strategy configuration. Value Displays the fact value for the created strategy configuration. Steps Specify the steps defined for the created strategy configuration. 8.Click Save  to update the modified fields. 9.Click View  to view the created strategy configuration. The Strategy Configuration Maintenance - View  screen displays. Figure 3-29    Strategy Configuration Maintenance - View For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-27    Strategy Configuration Maintenance - View - Field Description Field Description Strategy Code Displays the created strategy code. Strategy Code DescriptionDisplays the created strategy code description. ProductProcessor Displays the product processor for the created strategy configuration. ProductProcessorDescription Displays the product processor description for the created strategy configuration.Chapter 3 Strategy Configuration 3-39Table 3-27    (Cont.) Strategy Configuration Maintenance - View - Field Description Field Description Account CategoryDisplays the account category for the created strategy configuration. Module Displays the module for the created strategy configuration. Effective Date Displays the effective date for the created strategy configuration. Expiry Date Displays the expiry date for the created strategy configuration. Type Displays the fact type for the created strategy configuration. Value Displays the fact value for the created strategy configuration. Steps Displays the steps defined for the created strategy configuration. 3.9 Scoring Feature This topic describes the information about the scoring feature in Decision service. Lending institution have complex credit scoring models. The model uses the information contained in an application such as salary, credit commitments, and pastloan performances to determine a credit score of an application or an existingcustomer. The model generates a score and based on that score, system takes thedecision like approve, referred or to reject the application. To achieve these, in thedecision service, you need to define maintenances of scoring feature. A feature can beeither fact based or rule based. The features created in this maintenance can be linkedin quantitative score model and decision grade matrix screen. This topic contains the following subtopics: •Create Scoring Feature This topic describes the systematic instructions to configure the scoring feature fordetermining the credit score. •View Scoring FeatureThis topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of scoring feature. 3.9.1 Create Scoring Feature This topic describes the systematic instructions to configure the scoring feature fordetermining the credit score. This score applies to applications during origination and based on the information received from the product processor. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Homescreen , click Core Maintenance , under Core Maintenance , click Credit Decision . 2.Under Credit Decision , click Maintenance , under Maintenance , click Scoring Feature , under Scoring Feature , click Create Scoring Feature . The Create Scoring Feature  screen displays.Chapter 3 Scoring Feature 3-40Figure 3-30    Create Scoring Feature 3.On Create Scoring Feature  screen, specify the fields. Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-28    Create Scoring Feature - Field Description Field Description Feature Code Specify the unique feature code. Feature DescriptionSpecify a short description for the feature. ProductProcessor Specify the product processor for which the feature is being created. Rule Select the rule, if it is required to define the feature. This option is used to decide whether the feature is rule based or fact based. The available options are: •Yes •No Fact Code Select the fact code to be mapped to the feature from the drop-down list.This field is enabled if the Rule  is selected as No. Fact Name Specify the fact name of the feature.This field is enabled if the Rule  is selected as No. Rule Code Select the rule code to be mapped to the feature from the drop-down list.This field is enabled if the Rule  is selected as Yes.  Click this icon to get the information about the rule. Rule Name Specify the rule name for the selected rule.This field is enabled if the Rule  is selected as Yes. 4.Click Save  to save the details. The Scoring Feature  is successfully created and can be viewed using the View Scoring Feature  screen.Chapter 3 Scoring Feature 3-413.9.2 View Scoring Feature This topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of scoring feature. The user can configure the scoring feature using the Create Scoring Feature  screen. The status of the created scoring feature is displayed as Unauthorized  and Open . Once the checker authorizes the model, the status is updated to Authorized  and Open . Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Homescreen , click Core Maintenance  under Core Maintenance , click Credit Decision . 2.Under Credit Decision , click Maintenance , under Maintenance , click Scoring Feature , under Scoring Feature , click View Scoring Feature . The View Scoring Feature  screen displays. Figure 3-31    View Scoring Feature For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-29    View Scoring Feature – Field Description Field Description Feature Code Displays the feature code. Feature Description Displays the description of the feature. Product Processor Displays the product processor for which the feature is created. Authorization Status Displays the authorization status of the record.The options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Displays the status of the record. The options are: •Open •Closed Modification Number Displays the number of modification performed on the record. 3.On View Scoring Feature  screen, Click  Chapter 3 Scoring Feature 3-42icon. The View Scoring Feature - Search  screen displays. Figure 3-32    View Scoring Feature - Search For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-30    View Scoring Feature - Search – Field Description Field Description Feature Code Specify the feature code. Feature Description Specify the feature description. Authorization Status Select the authorization status from the drop-down list. The available options are: •Authorized •Rejected •UnauthorizedChapter 3 Scoring Feature 3-43Table 3-30    (Cont.) View Scoring Feature - Search – Field Description Field Description Record Status Select the record status from the drop-down list. The available options are: •Open •Closed 4.Click Search  to display the required scoring feature. 5.On View Scoring Feature  screen, click icon to Unlock , Delete , Authorize  or View  the created scoring feature. 6.Click Unlock  to modify the created scoring feature.. The Scoring Feature Maintenance - Modify  screen displays. Figure 3-33    Scoring Feature Maintenance - Modify Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-31    Scoring Feature Maintenance - Modify - Field Description Field Description Feature Code Displays the feature code. Feature DescriptionThe user can modify the feature description. ProductProcessor Displays the product processor for the created scoring feature. Rule The user can modify the rule defined to the feature. Rule Code The user can modify the rule code of the feature. This field is displayed, if the Rule  is selected as Yes.Chapter 3 Scoring Feature 3-44Table 3-31    (Cont.) Scoring Feature Maintenance - Modify - Field Description Field Description  Click this icon to get the information about the rule. Rule Name Displays the rule name of the feature. This field is displayed, if the Rule  is selected as Yes. Fact Code The user can modify the fact code of the feature.This field is displayed, if the Rule  is selected as No. Fact Name Displays the fact name of the feature.This field is displayed, if the Rule  is selected as No. 7.Click Save  to update the modified fields. 3.10 Quantitative Scoring Model This topic describes the information about the Quantitative scoring model for the Decision service. Quantitative analysis involves, an assessment of the financial position based on the customer’s income and monthly expenses. It may also include a cash flow analysis of thecustomer’s accounts and credit history. Banks usually grant loan based on a credit scoring model that combines quantitative and qualitative analysis. This topic contains the following subtopics: •Create Quantitative Scoring Model This topic describes the systematic instructions to configure the quantitative scoringmodel based on the various scoring parameters. •View Quantitative Scoring ModelThis topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of configured quantitativescoring model. 3.10.1 Create Quantitative Scoring Model This topic describes the systematic instructions to configure the quantitative scoring modelbased on the various scoring parameters. The parameters driving the scoring models are configurable. The user can create quantitative scoring model by updating various details. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Homescreen , click Core Maintenance , under Core Maintenance , click Credit Decision . 2.Under Credit Decision , click Maintenance , under Maintenance , click Quantitative Scoring Model , under Quantitative Scoring Model , click Create Quantitative Scoring Model .Chapter 3 Quantitative Scoring Model 3-45The Create Quantitative Scoring Model  screen displays. Figure 3-34    Create Quantitative Scoring Model 3.On Create Quantitative Scoring Model  screen, specify the fields. Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-32    Create Quantitative Scoring Model - Field Description Field Description Scoring Model Select the scoring model from the drop-sown list. The available options are: •Application Scoring Model •Applicant Scoring Model •Multi-Applicant Scoring Model Scoring Model CodeSpecify the unique scoring model code. Scoring ModelDescription Specify a short description for the scoring model. Effective Date Specify the effective date. Expiry Date Specify the expiry date. Product Processor Specify the product processor for which the model is being created. Priority Specify the priority of the model. 4.Click the Selection Criteria  to define quantitative scoring model. The Create Quantitative Scoring Model - Selection Criteria  screen displays.Chapter 3 Quantitative Scoring Model 3-46Figure 3-35    Create Quantitative Scoring Model - Selection Criteria For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-33    Create Quantitative Scoring Model - Selection Criteria - Field Description Field Description Use Existing Rule By default, this option is enabled. Indicates if the existing rule is linked. Rule Code Select the rule code from the drop down list.  Click this icon to get the information about the existing rule. Rule Name Displays the rule name of the selected rule code. Create New Rule Select this option to create new rule. Code Specify the rule code. Description Specify the rule description. + icon Click this icon to add new expression.Chapter 3 Quantitative Scoring Model 3-47Table 3-33    (Cont.) Create Quantitative Scoring Model - Selection Criteria - Field Description Field Description Fact / Rules Select the fact or rule from the drop-down list. Once the user selects the fact/rules, one more field opens adjacent tothe output, update the same based on the selected output option. Operator Select the comparison operator from the drop-down list.The available options are: •< •> •+ •= •% •!= •- •>= •<= •* •/ •Contains •In •Matches •NotMatches •NotContains •Notin Data Type Select the data type for the fact or rule. Once the user select the data type, one more field opens adjacent to theoutput, update the same based on the selected output option. The available options are: •Text •Number •Boolean •Date •Fact •Rules The below option appears if the Data Type  is selected as Boolean . •True •False Output Select the output from the drop-down list. Once the user select the data type, one more field opens adjacent to theoutput, update the same based on the selected output option. The available options are: •Text •Number •Boolean •Date •Fact •Rules The below option appears if the Data Type  is selected as Boolean . •True •FalseChapter 3 Quantitative Scoring Model 3-48Table 3-33    (Cont.) Create Quantitative Scoring Model - Selection Criteria - Field Description Field Description Expression Displays the expression updated in the expression builder. 5.Click the Scoring Rule  to define the rules. This tab is enabled if Application Scoring Model  is selected. The Create Quantitative Scoring Model - Scoring Rule  screen displays. Figure 3-36    Create Quantitative Scoring Model - Scoring Rule For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-34    Create Quantitative Scoring Model - Scoring Rule - Field Description Field Description Rule Code Select the rule code from the drop-down list.  Click this icon to get the information about the rule. Rule Name Displays the rule name of the rule code. 6.Click the Feature  tab to define the feature. This tab is enabled if Applicant Scoring Model  and Multiple Applicant Scoring Model  is selected. The Create Quantitative Scoring Model - Feature  screen displays.Chapter 3 Quantitative Scoring Model 3-49Figure 3-37    Create Quantitative Scoring Model - Feature For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-35    Create Quantitative Scoring Model - Feature - Field Description Field Description + icon Click this icon to add a new row. - icon Click this icon to delete a row, which is already added. Feature Select the feature from the drop-down list. Weightage (%) Specify the weightage to be assigned to each feature code. Range Type Select the range type from the drop down list. The available options are: •Max Value •Param Percent% •Value For Applicant Scoring Model , this field is editable. Define Range/Value Click the Define  link to define the score for the expected response. Enable By default, this option is enabled. Indicates if the scoring parameter is enabled or not. 7.Click the Define  link to define a range or absolute values for each scoring feature to be considered for scoring model and score for that range or value. In case the data type of feature is numeric such as Bureau score, the Create Quantitative Scoring Model - Define Link - Numeric Feature  screen displays.Chapter 3 Quantitative Scoring Model 3-50Figure 3-38    Create Quantitative Scoring Model - Define Link - Numeric Feature For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-36    Create Quantitative Scoring Model - Define Link – Numeric Feature - Field Description Field Description Range Type Displays the range type selected. Max Value Specify the maximum value on which scoring has to be done, if range type ID is Max Value % or Param %. + icon Click this icon to add a new row. - icon Click this icon to delete a row, which is already added. Range From Specify the minimum range of value based on which scoring is to bedone. Range To Specify the maximum range of value based on which scoring is to bedone. Score/Percentage Specify the percentage to be assigned for each range or value, if rangetype is Max value % or Param %. Specify the score to be assigned for each range or value, if range type is Value.Chapter 3 Quantitative Scoring Model 3-51Table 3-36    (Cont.) Create Quantitative Scoring Model - Define Link – Numeric Feature - Field Description Field Description Category Specify the category for each range or value from the drop-down list. The values are configurable based on the lookup values maintained.The available options are: •Strong •Medium •Weak If the data type of feature is alphanumeric such as Employment Category, the below screen appears. Figure 3-39    Create Quantitative Scoring Model - Define Link –Alphanumeric Feature For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-37    Create Quantitative Scoring Model - Define Link –AlphanumericFeature - Field Description Field Description Range Type Displays the range type selected. The default value for the same is Value . Max Value Specify the maximum value for the range type.Chapter 3 Quantitative Scoring Model 3-52Table 3-37    (Cont.) Create Quantitative Scoring Model - Define Link – Alphanumeric Feature - Field Description Field Description + icon Click this icon to add a new row. - icon Click this icon to delete a row, which is already added. Value Specify the value of the feature. Score Specify the score assigned for each range value. Category Specify the category for each range or value from the drop-down list.The available options are: •Strong •Medium •Weak 8.Click Done  to save the data and close the range panel. 9.Click Save  to save the details. The Quantitative Scoring Model  is successfully created and can be viewed using the  View Quantitative Scoring Model  screen. 3.10.2 View Quantitative Scoring Model This topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of configured quantitative scoring model. The user can configure the qualitative scoring model using the Create Quantitative Scoring Model  screen. The status of the uploaded model is displayed as Unauthorized  and Open . Once the checker authorizes the model, the status is updated to Authorized  and Open . Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Homescreen , click Core Maintenance , under Core Maintenance , click Credit Decision . 2.Under Credit Decision , click Maintenance , under Maintenance , click Quantitative Scoring , under Quantitative Scoring Model , click View Quantitative Scoring Model . The View Quantitative Scoring Model  screen displays. Figure 3-40    View Quantitative Scoring Model For more information on fields, refer to the field description table.Chapter 3 Quantitative Scoring Model 3-53Table 3-38    View Quantitative Scoring Model – Field Description Field Description Scoring Model Code Displays the scoring model code. Scoring Model DescriptionDisplays the description of the scoring model. Product ProcessorCode Displays the product processor code Authorization Status Displays the authorization status of the record. The options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Displays the status of the record. The options are: •Open •Closed Modification Number Displays the number of modification performed on the record. 3.On View Quantitative Scoring Model  screen, click icon. The View Quantitative Scoring Model - Search  screen displays.Chapter 3 Quantitative Scoring Model 3-54Figure 3-41    View Quantitative Scoring Model - Search For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-39    View Quantitative Scoring Model - Search – Field Description Field Description Scoring Model Code Specify the scoring model code. Scoring Model DescriptionSpecify the description of the scoring model. Authorization Status Select the authorization status from the drop-down list. The available options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Select the record status from the drop-down list. The available options are: •Open •Closed 4.On View Quantitative Scoring Model  screen, click Chapter 3 Quantitative Scoring Model 3-55icon to Unlock , Delete , Authorize  or View  the created quantitative scoring model. 5.Click Unlock  to modify the created quantitative scoring model. The Quantitative Scoring Model Maintenance - Modify  screen displays. Figure 3-42    Quantitative Scoring Model Maintenance - Modify Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-40    Quantitative Scoring Model Maintenance - Modify - FieldDescription Field Description Application Scoring ModelDisplays the application scoring model. Scoring Model Code Displays the qualitative scoring model code for the created quantitative scoring model.Chapter 3 Quantitative Scoring Model 3-56Table 3-40    (Cont.) Quantitative Scoring Model Maintenance - Modify - Field Description Field Description Scoring Model DescriptionThe user can modify the quantitative scoring model description for the created quantitative scoring model. Effective Date Displays the effective date of the created quantitative scoringmodel.The user can modify the same before authorization. Expiry Date Displays the expiry date of the created quantitative scoringmodel.The user can modify the same before authorization. Product Processor Displays the product processor for the created quantitativescoring model. Priority The user can modify the priority of the created quantitativescoring model. Use Existing Rule The user can modify the existing rule if linked. Rule Code Displays the rule code for the created quantitative scoringmodel.  Click this icon to get the information about the rule. Rule Name Displays the rule name of the rule code for the createdquantitative scoring model. Code Displays the rule code. Description Displays the rule description. + icon This icon can add new expression. Fact / Rules Displays the fact or rule of the created quantitative scoringmodel. Operator Displays the comparison operator of the created quantitativescoring model. Data Type Displays the data type for the fact or rule for the createdquantitative scoring model. Output Displays the output for the created quantitative scoring model. Expression Displays the expression updated in the expression builder forthe created quantitative scoring model. Feature This tab is enabled for the Applicant Scoring Model . + icon This icon adds new row. - icon This icon deletes a row, which is already added. Feature Displays the feature for the created quantitative scoring model. Weightage (%) The user can modify the weightage assigned to each featurefor the created quantitative scoring model. Range Type Displays the range type for the created quantitative scoringmodel. Define Range/Value Displays the range/value defined for the created quantitativescoring model. Range From The user can modify the minimum range of value based onwhich scoring is done.Chapter 3 Quantitative Scoring Model 3-57Table 3-40    (Cont.) Quantitative Scoring Model Maintenance - Modify - Field Description Field Description Range To The user can modify the maximum range of value based on which scoring is done Score The user can modify the score for each range or value. Category The user can modify the category for the created quantitativescoring model. Enable Displays parameter for the created quantitative scoring model. Scoring Rule This tab is enabled for the Application Scoring Model . Rule Code Displays the rule code for the created quantitative scoringmodel.  Click this icon to get the information about the rule. Rule Name Displays the rule name of the rule code for the createdquantitative scoring model. 6.Click Save  to update the modified fields. 7.Click View  to view the created quantitative scoring model. The Quantitative Scoring Model Maintenance – View  screen displays.Chapter 3 Quantitative Scoring Model 3-58Figure 3-43    Quantitative Scoring Model Maintenance – View For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-41    Quantitative Scoring Model Maintenance - View - Field Description Field Description Scoring Model Displays the application scoring model. Scoring Model CodeDisplays the qualitative scoring model code for the created quantitative scoring model. Scoring Model DescriptionDisplays the quantitative scoring model description for the created quantitative scoring model. Effective Date Displays the effective date of the created quantitative scoring model.The user can modify the same before authorization. Expiry Date Displays the expiry date of the created quantitative scoring model.The user can modify the same before authorization. Product ProcessorDisplays the product processor for the created quantitative scoring model. Priority The user can modify the priority of the created quantitative scoring model. Use ExistingRule The user can modify the existing rule if linked.Chapter 3 Quantitative Scoring Model 3-59Table 3-41    (Cont.) Quantitative Scoring Model Maintenance - View - Field Description Field Description Rule Code Displays the rule code for the created quantitative scoring model.  Click this icon to get the information about the rule. Rule Name Displays the rule name of the rule code for the created quantitative scoring model. Create New Rule Displays the rule code for the created quantitative scoring model. Code Displays the rule code. Description Displays the rule description. + icon This icon can add new expression. Fact / Rules Displays the fact or rule of the created quantitative scoring model. Operator Displays the comparison operator of the created quantitative scoring model. Data Type Displays the data type for the fact or rule for the created quantitative scoringmodel. Output Displays the output for the created quantitative scoring model. Expression Displays the expression updated in the expression builder for the createdquantitative scoring model. Feature This tab is enabled for the Applicant Scoring Model . + icon This icon adds new row. - icon This icon deletes a row, which is already added. Feature Displays the feature for the created quantitative scoring model. Weightage (%) Displays the weightage assigned to each feature for the created quantitativescoring model. Range Type Displays the range type for the created quantitative scoring model. Define Range/ ValueDisplays the range/value defined for the created quantitative scoring model. Range From The user can modify the minimum range of value based on which scoring is done. Range To The user can modify the maximum range of value based on which scoring isdone Score Displays the score for each range or value. Category Displays the category for the created quantitative scoring model. Enable Displays parameter for the created quantitative scoring model. Scoring Rule This tab is enabled for the Application Scoring Model . Rule Code Displays the rule code for the created quantitative scoring model.  Click this icon to get the information about the rule. Rule Name Displays the rule name of the rule code for the created quantitative scoringmodel.Chapter 3 Quantitative Scoring Model 3-603.11 Decision Grade Matrix This topic describes the information about the decision grade matrix feature. The Decision Grade Matrix can define the decision and grade based on the score calculated by the scoring model. This topic contains the following subtopics: •Create Decision Grade Matrix This topic describes the systematic instructions to create decision and grade matrix byupdating various details. •View Decision Grade MatrixThis topic describes the systematic instructions to view the decision grade matrix. 3.11.1 Create Decision Grade Matrix This topic describes the systematic instructions to create decision and grade matrix byupdating various details. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Homescreen , click Core Maintenance , under Core Maintenance , click Credit Decision . 2.Under Credit Decision , click Maintenance , under Maintenance , click Decision Grade Matrix , under Decision Grade Matrix , click Create Decision Grade Matrix . The Create Decision Grade Matrix  screen displays. Figure 3-44    Create Decision Grade Matrix 3.On Create Decision Grade Matrix  screen, specify the fields. Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table.Chapter 3 Decision Grade Matrix 3-61Table 3-42    Create Decision Grade Matrix - Field Description Field Description Model Code Specify the unique model code. Model Description Specify a short description for the model. Effective Date Specify the effective date. Expiry Date Specify the expiry date. Product Processor Specify the product processor for which the decision and grade matrix is being created. Priority Specify the priority of the model. 4.Click the Selection Criteria  to configure the parameters based on which decision model is to be resolved. The Create Decision Grade Matrix - Selection Criteria  screen displays. Figure 3-45    Create Decision Grade Matrix - Selection Criteria For more information on fields, refer to the field description table.Chapter 3 Decision Grade Matrix 3-62Table 3-43    Create Decision Grade Matrix - Selection Criteria - Field Description Field Description Use Existing RuleBy default, this option is enabled. Indicates if the existing rule is linked. Rule Code Select the rule code from the drop down list.  Click this icon to get the information about the rule. Rule Name Displays the rule name of the rule code. Create New Rule Select this option to create new rule. + icon Click this icon to add new expression. Fact / Rules Select the fact or rule from the drop-down list. Once the user selects the fact/rules, one more field opens adjacent to theoutput, update the same based on the selected output option. Operator Select the comparison operator from the drop-down list. The available optionsare: •< •> •+ •= •% •!= •- •>= •<= •* •/ •Contains •In •Matches •NotMatches •NotContains •Notin Data Type Select the data type for the fact or rule. Once the user select the data type, one more field opens adjacent to theoutput, update the same based on the selected output option. The available options are: •Text •Number •Boolean •Date •Fact •Rules The below option appears if the Data Type  is selected as Boolean . •True •FalseChapter 3 Decision Grade Matrix 3-63Table 3-43    (Cont.) Create Decision Grade Matrix - Selection Criteria - Field Description Field Description Output Select the output from the drop-down list. Once the user select the data type, one more field opens adjacent to theoutput, update the same based on the selected output option. The available options are: •Text •Number •Boolean •Date •Fact •Rules The below option appears if the Data Type  is selected as Boolean . •True •False Expression Displays the expression updated in the expression builder. 5.Click the Decision Matrix  to define decision on the application. The user can select the feature for which the decision needs to be maintained like Quantitative/ Qualitative. The Create Decision Grade Matrix - Decision Matrix  screen displays. Figure 3-46    Create Decision Grade Matrix - Decision Matrix For more information on fields, refer to the field description table.Chapter 3 Decision Grade Matrix 3-64Table 3-44    Create Decision Grade Matrix - Decision Matrix - Field Description Field Description Add Column Click this button to add features for which decision has to be maintained. On click of Add Column , all the features are shown in the drop down list. Select the feature to be added. Click save to add the feature. If the feature is numeric type, two columns gets added in the table From and To. If the feature is character/alphanumeric type onecolumn Value gets added. System should not save, if no feature have been added. User can click Cancel to close the window. Link a Rule? Select the appropriate radio button to link a rule to the features.The options are: •Yes - If this option is selected, the system displays the list of rules. Based on the rule mapped, the decision is provided. •No - If this option is selected, the system displays the list of decision lookup values. + icon Click this icon to add a new row. - icon Click this icon to delete a row, which is already added. Score From Specify the minimum range of score for the decision. Score To Specify the maximum range of score for the decision. Decision Specify the decision of an application from the drop-down list. The values are configurable based on the look up valuesmaintained The available options are: •Approved •Manual •Rejected Rule Displays the rules based on which decision is to be made.This field is enabled if Link a Rule?  option is updated as Yes. 6.Click the Grade Matrix  to assign the grade to the application that is used during the pricing of the application. You can select the feature for which the grade needs to be maintained like Quantitative/Qualitative. The Create Decision Grade Matrix - Grade Matrix  screen displays.Chapter 3 Decision Grade Matrix 3-65Figure 3-47    Create Decision Grade Matrix - Grade Matrix For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-45    Create Decision Grade Matrix - Grade Matrix - Field Description Field Description Add Column Click Add Column , for addition of features for which decision has to be maintained. Link a Rule? Select the appropriate radio button to link a rule to the features. The options are: •Yes - If this option is selected, the system displays the list of rules. Based on the rule mapped, the decision is provided. •No - If this option is selected, the system displays the list of decision lookup values.  Click this icon to delete a column, which is already added. + icon Click this icon to add a new row. - icon Click this icon to delete a row, which is already added. Score From Specify the minimum range of score for the grade. Score To Specify the maximum range of score for the grade. Grade Specify the grade of the application based on the score scored. The values are configurable based on the look up values maintained.The available options are: •A •B •CChapter 3 Decision Grade Matrix 3-66Table 3-45    (Cont.) Create Decision Grade Matrix - Grade Matrix - Field Description Field Description Value Specify the value for which the grade has to be maintained. This field appears only if the data type of feature is Numeric such asAge, FICO score. Rule Displays the rules based on which decision is to be made. This field is enabled if Link a Rule?  option is updated as Yes. 7.Click Save  to save the details. The Decision Grade Matrix  is successfully created and can be viewed using the View Decision and Grade Matrix  screen. 3.11.2 View Decision Grade Matrix This topic describes the systematic instructions to view the decision grade matrix. The user can create the decision grade matrix using the  Create Decision Grade Matrix screen. The status of the uploaded model is displayed as Unauthorized  and Open . Once the checker authorizes the matrix, the status is updated to Authorized  and Open . Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Homescreen , click Core Maintenance , under Core Maintenance , click Credit Decision . 2.Under Credit Decision , click Maintenance , under Maintenance , click Decision Grade Matrix , under Decision Garde Matrix , click View Decision Grade Matrix . The View Decision Grade Matrix  screen displays. Figure 3-48    View Decision Grade Matrix For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-46    View Decision Grade Matrix – Field Description Field Description Model Code Displays the model code. Model Description Displays the model description.Chapter 3 Decision Grade Matrix 3-67Table 3-46    (Cont.) View Decision Grade Matrix – Field Description Field Description Product Processor Displays the product processor for which the model is created. Record Status Displays the status of the record. Modification Number Displays the number of modification performed on the record. 3.On View Decision Grade Matrix  screen, click icon. The View Decision Grade Matrix - Search  screen displays. Figure 3-49    View Decision Grade Matrix - Search For more information on fields, refer to the field description table.Chapter 3 Decision Grade Matrix 3-68Table 3-47    View Decision Grade Matrix - Search – Field Description Field Description Model Code Specify the model code. Model Description Specify the model description. Authorization Status Select the authorization status from the drop-down list. The available options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Select the record status from the drop-down list. The available options are: •Open •Closed 4.On View Decision Grade Matrix  screen, click icon to Unlock , Delete , Authorize  or View  the created decision grade matrix. 5.Click Unlock  to modify the created decision grade matrix. The Decision Grade Maintenance - Modify  screen displays.Chapter 3 Decision Grade Matrix 3-69Figure 3-50    Decision Grade Maintenance - Modify Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-48    Decision Grade Maintenance - Modify - Field Description Field Description Model Code Displays the model code for the created decision grade matrix. Model Description The user can modify the model description for the created decision grade matrix. Effective Date The user can modify effective date for the decision gradematrix. Expiry Date The user can modify date of the created decision grade matrix. Product Processor Displays the product processor for the decision grade matrix. Priority The user can modify the priority of the created decision gradematrix.Chapter 3 Decision Grade Matrix 3-70Table 3-49    Selection Criteria - Field Description Field Description Use Existing Rule Indicates if the existing rule is linked. Rule Code The user can modify the rule code for the created decision grade matrix.  Click this icon to get the information about the rule. Rule Name Displays the rule name of the rule code for the created decisiongrade matrix. Create New Rule The user can modify the rule code for the created decision gradematrix. Description Specify the rule description for the decision grade matrix. Code Specify the new rule code for decision grade matrix. Table 3-50    Expression Builder - Field Description Field Description + icon This icon can add new expression. Fact / Rules Displays the fact or rule for the created decision grade matrix. Operator Displays the comparison operator for the created decision gradematrix. Data Type Displays the data type for the fact or rule for the created decisiongrade matrix. Output Displays the output for the created decision grade matrix. Expression Displays the expression updated in the expression builder for thecreated decision grade matrix. Table 3-51    Decision Matrix - Field Description Field Description Add Column Click this button to add features for which decision has to bemaintained. Link a Rule? Select the appropriate radio button to link a rule to the features.The options are: •Yes - If this option is selected, the system displays the list of rules. Based on the rule mapped, the decision is provided. •No - If this option is selected, the system displays the list of decision lookup values. + icon Click this icon to add new row. - icon Click this icon to delete a row, which is already added. Score From Specify the minimum range of score for the decision. Score To Specify the maximum range of score for the decision.Chapter 3 Decision Grade Matrix 3-71Table 3-51    (Cont.) Decision Matrix - Field Description Field Description Decision Specify the decision of an application. The values configurable based on the lookup values maintained. The available options are: •Approved •Manual •Rejected Rule Displays the rules based on which decision is to be made.This field is enabled if Link a Rule?  option is updated as Yes. Table 3-52    Grade Matrix - Field Description Field Description Add Column Click this button to add features for which grade has to be maintained. + icon Click this icon to add new row. - icon Click this icon delete a row, which is already added. Score From Specify the minimum range of score for the grade. Score To Specify the maximum range of score for the grade. Grade Specify the grade of an application based on the score scored.The values configurable based on the lookup valuesmaintained. The available options are: •A •B •C 6.Click Save  to update the modified fields. 7.Click View  to view the decision grade matrix. The Decision Grade Maintenance – View  screen displays.Chapter 3 Decision Grade Matrix 3-72Figure 3-51    Decision Grade Maintenance – View For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-53    Decision Grade Maintenance - View - Field Description Field Description Model Code Displays the model code for the created decision grade matrix. Model Description Displays the model description for the created decision grade matrix. Effective Date Displays the effective date for the decision grade matrix. Expiry Date Displays the expiry date of the created decision grade matrix. Product Processor Displays the product processor for the decision grade matrix. Priority Displays the priority of the created decision grade matrix. Table 3-54    Selection Criteria - Field Description Field Description Use Existing Rule Indicates if the existing rule is linked. Rule Code Displays the rule code for the created decision grade matrix.Chapter 3 Decision Grade Matrix 3-73Table 3-54    (Cont.) Selection Criteria - Field Description Field Description  Click this icon to get the information about the rule. Rule Name Displays the rule name of the rule code for the created decision grade matrix. Create New Rule Displays the rule code for the created decision grade matrix. Code Specify the new rule code for decision grade matrix. Description Specify the rule description for the decision grade matrix. Table 3-55    Expression Builder - Field Description Field Description + icon Click this icon to add new expression. Fact / Rules Displays the fact or rule for the created decision grade matrix. Operator Displays the comparison operator for the created decisiongrade matrix. Data Type Displays the data type for the fact or rule for the createddecision grade matrix. Output Displays the output for the created decision grade matrix. Expression Displays the expression updated in the expression builder forthe created decision grade matrix. Table 3-56    Decision Matrix - Field Description Field Description Add Column Click this button to add features for which decision has to bemaintained. + icon Click this icon to add new row. - icon Click this icon to delete a row, which is already added. Score From Displays the minimum range of score for the decision. Score To Displays the maximum range of score for the decision. Decision Displays the decision of an application. The valuesconfigurable based on the look up values maintained. The available options are: •Approved •Manual •Rejected Rule Displays the rules based on which decision is to be made.This field is enabled if Link a Rule?  option is updated as Yes.Chapter 3 Decision Grade Matrix 3-74Table 3-57    Grade Matrix - Field Description Field Description Add Column Click this button to add features for which grade has to be maintained. + icon Click this icon to add new row. - icon Click this icon to delete a row, which is already added. Score From Displays the minimum range of score for the grade. Score To Displays the maximum range of score for the grade. Grade Displays the grade of an application based on the score scored. Thevalues configurable based on the look up values maintained. The available options are: •A •B •C Rule Displays the rules based on which grade is to be made.This field is enabled if Link a Rule?  option is updated as Yes. 3.12 Pricing This topic describes the information about the pricing feature in Decision service. Risk-based pricing refers to the offering of different interest rates to different customers depending on their credit worthiness. Thus, not all borrowers for the same product receivesthe same interest rate and credit terms. This means that high-risk borrowers who are lesslikely to repay their loans in full and on time will be charged higher rate of interest. While thelow risk borrowers, having greater capacity to make payments will be charged lower rate ofinterest. This topic contains the following subtopics: •Create Pricing Model This topic describes the systematic instructions to create pricing model based on variouspricing parameter by updating various details. •View Pricing ModelThis topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of pricing model. 3.12.1 Create Pricing Model This topic describes the systematic instructions to create pricing model based on variouspricing parameter by updating various details. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Homescreen , click Core Maintenance , under Core Maintenance , click Credit Decision . 2.Under Credit Decision , click Maintenance , under Maintenance , click Pricing Model , under Pricing Model , click Create Pricing Model . The Create Pricing Model  screen displays.Chapter 3 Pricing 3-75Figure 3-52    Create Pricing Model 3.On Create Pricing Model  screen, specify the fields. Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-58    Create Pricing Model - Field Description Field Description Pricing Code Specify the unique pricing code. Pricing DescriptionSpecify a short description for the pricing. Effective Date Specify the effective date. Expiry Date Specify the expiry date. ProductProcessor Specify the product processor for which the pricing is being created. Priority Specify the priority of the pricing. 4.Click the Selection Criteria  to define pricing model. The Create Pricing Model - Selection Criteria  screen displays.Chapter 3 Pricing 3-76Figure 3-53    Create Pricing Model – Selection Criteria For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-59    Create Pricing Model – Selection Criteria - Field Description Field Description Use Existing RuleBy default, this option is enabled. Indicates if the existing rule is linked. Rule Code Select the rule code from the drop-down list.  Click this icon to get the information about the rule. Rule Name Displays the rule name of the rule code.Chapter 3 Pricing 3-77Table 3-59    (Cont.) Create Pricing Model – Selection Criteria - Field Description Field Description Create New Rule Select this option to create new rule. Code Specify the rule code. Description Specify the rule description. + icon Click this icon to add new expression. Fact / Rules Select the fact or rule from the drop-down list. Once the user selects the fact/rules, one more field opens adjacent to theoutput, update the same based on the selected output option. Operator Select the comparison operator from the drop-down list.The available options are: •< •> •+ •= •% •!= •- •>= •<= •* •/ •Contains •In •Matches •NotMatches •NotContains •Notin Data Type Select the data type for the fact or rule. Once the user select the data type, one more field opens adjacent to theoutput, update the same based on the selected output option. The available options are: •Text •Number •Boolean •Date •Fact •Rules The below option appears if the Data Type  is selected as Boolean . •True •FalseChapter 3 Pricing 3-78Table 3-59    (Cont.) Create Pricing Model – Selection Criteria - Field Description Field Description Output Select the output from the drop-down list. Once the user select the data type, one more field opens adjacent to theoutput, update the same based on the selected output option. The available options are: •Text •Number •Boolean •Date •Fact •Rules The below option appears if the Data Type  is selected as Boolean . •True •False Expression Displays the expression updated in the expression builder. 5.Click Price Definition  to define the pricing. 6.Select the Rate Type  options as Flat to specify the flat rate. The Create Pricing Model – Price Definition (Flat)  screen displays. Figure 3-54    Create Pricing Model – Price Definition (Flat) For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-60    Create Pricing Model – Price Definition (Flat) - Field Description Field Description Minimum Rate Specify the minimum rate applicable for the defined pricing code. Maximum Rate Specify the maximum rate applicable for the defined pricing code. Rate Type Select the rate type from the drop-down list as Flat.Chapter 3 Pricing 3-79Table 3-60    (Cont.) Create Pricing Model – Price Definition (Flat) - Field Description Field Description Link a Rule? Select the option whether to link a rule to derive the price. The options are: •Yes •No Rate % Specify the interest rate application for the defined pricing.This field displays once you select the Rate Type  option as Flatand Link a Rule?  option as No. Rule Select the rule for the defined pricing from the drop-down list.This field appears once you select the Rate Type  option as Flat and Link a Rule?  option as Yes. 7.Select the Rate Type  options as Tiered  to link the list of features. 8.Click Add Columns  to select and link the features. The Add Features  screen displays. Figure 3-55    Add Features 9.Select the feature names from the list. (‘n’ number of features can be selected) 10.Select the option whether to link a rule for defining the interest rate.Chapter 3 Pricing 3-8011.Click Save  to link the list of features for defining the tiered interest rate. The Create Pricing Model – Price Definition (Tiered)  screen displays. Figure 3-56    Create Pricing Model – Price Definition (Tiered) For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-61    Create Pricing Model – Price Definition (Tiered) - Field Description Field Description Minimum Rate Specify the minimum rate applicable for the defined pricing code. Maximum Rate Specify the maximum rate applicable for the defined pricing code. Rate Type Select the rate type from the drop-down list as Tiered . <Numeric Feature> FromSpecify the minimum numeric value of feature to which the interest rate is applicable. <Numeric Feature> ToSpecify the maximum numeric value of feature to which the interest rate is applicable. <Character Feature> ValueSpecify the alphabetic value for which the interest rate is applicable. Rate % Specify the interest rate applicable for the defined tier. This field appears once you select the Rate Type  option as Tiered  and Link a Rule?  option as No.Chapter 3 Pricing 3-81Table 3-61    (Cont.) Create Pricing Model – Price Definition (Tiered) - Field Description Field Description Rule Select the rule for the defined tier from the drop-down list. This field appears once you select the Rate Type  option as Tiered  and Link a Rule?  option as Yes. 12.Click Save  to save the details. The Pricing Model  is successfully created and can be viewed using View Pricing Model  screen. 3.12.2 View Pricing Model This topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of pricing model. The user can create the pricing model using the Create Pricing Model  screen. The status of the uploaded model is displayed as Unauthorized  and Open . Once the checker authorizes the model, the status is updated to Authorized  and Open . Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Homescreen , click Core Maintenance , under Core Maintenance , click Credit Decision . 2.Under Credit Decision , click Maintenance , under Maintenance , click . Pricing , under Pricing , click View Pricing Model . The View Pricing Model  screen displays. Figure 3-57    View Pricing Model For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-62    View Pricing Model – Field Description Field Description Pricing Code Displays the pricing code. Pricing DescriptionDisplays the description of the pricing model.Chapter 3 Pricing 3-82Table 3-62    (Cont.) View Pricing Model – Field Description Field Description Authorization StatusDisplays the authorization status of the record. The options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Displays the status of the record. The options are: •Open •Closed Modification NumberDisplays the number of modifications performed on the record. 3.On View Pricing Model  screen, click icon. The View Pricing Model - Search  screen displays. Figure 3-58    View Pricing Model - Search Chapter 3 Pricing 3-83For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-63    View Pricing Model - Search – Field Description Field Description Pricing Code Specify the pricing code. Pricing Description Specify the description of the pricing model. Authorization Status Select the authorization status from the drop-down list. The available options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Select the record status from the drop-down list. The available options are: •Open •Closed 4.On View Pricing Model - Search  screen, click icon to Unlock , Delete , Authorize  or View  the created pricing model. 5.Click Unlock  to modify the created pricing model. The Pricing Model Maintenance - Modify  screen displays.Chapter 3 Pricing 3-84Figure 3-59    Pricing Model Maintenance - Modify Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-64    Pricing Model Maintenance - Modify - Field Description Field Description Pricing Code Displays the pricing code for the created quantitative pricing model. Pricing Description Specify the pricing description for the created pricing model. Effective Date Specify the effective date for the created pricing model. Expiry Date Specify the expiry date for the created pricing model. Product Processor Displays the product processor for the created pricing model. Priority Specify the priority of the created pricing model. Use Existing Rule Specify the existing rule if linked. Rule Code Specify the rule code for the created pricing model.Chapter 3 Pricing 3-85Table 3-64    (Cont.) Pricing Model Maintenance - Modify - Field Description Field Description  Click this icon to get the information about the rule. Rule Name Displays the rule name. Create New Rule Specify the new rule linked to the pricing model. Code Specify the new rule code for the created pricing model. Description Specify the rule description for the created pricing model. + icon Click this icon can add new expression. Fact / Rules Displays the fact or rule of the created pricing model. Operator Displays the comparison operator of the created pricing model. Data Type Displays the data type for the fact or rule for the created pricing model. Output Displays the output for the created pricing model. Expression Displays the expression updated in the expression builder for thecreated pricing model. Pricing Definition The below listed fields appear in Pricing Definition  tab. Minimum Rate Specify the minimum rate applicable for the defined pricing model. Maximum Rate Specify the maximum rate applicable for the defined pricing model. Rate Type Select the range type for the created pricing model from the drop-down list.The available options are: •Flat •Tiered Rate% Specify the interest rate application for the defined pricing. Note: This field appears once the user select the Rate Type option as Flat and Link a Rule?  option as Yes. Rule Select the rule for the defined pricing. Note: This field appears once the user select the Rate Type option as Flat and Link a Rule?  option as Yes.Chapter 3 Pricing 3-86Table 3-64    (Cont.) Pricing Model Maintenance - Modify - Field Description Field Description <Numeric Feature> From Specify the minimum numeric value of feature to which the interest rate is applicable. Note: This field displays if the Rate Type  is selected as Tiered . <Numeric Feature> To Specify the maximum numeric value of feature to which the interestrate is applicable. Note: This field displays if the Rate Type  is selected as Tiered . <Character Feature> ValueSpecify the alphabetic value for which the interest rate is applicable. Note: This field displays if the Rate Type  is selected as Tiered . Rate% Specify the interest rate applicable for the defined tier. Note: This field appears once you select the Rate Type  option as Tiered  and Link a Rule?  option as No. Rule Select the rule for the defined tier. Note: This field appears once the user select the Rate Type option as Tiered  and Link a Rule?  option as Yes. 6.Click Save  to update the modified fields. 7.Click View  to view the created quantitative scoring model. The Pricing Model Maintenance – View  screen displays.Chapter 3 Pricing 3-87Figure 3-60    Pricing Model Maintenance - View For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-65    Pricing Model Maintenance - View - Field Description Field Description Pricing Code Displays the pricing code for the created quantitative pricing model. Pricing Description Displays the pricing description for the created pricing model. Effective Date Displays effective date for the created pricing model. Expiry Date Displays date for the created pricing model. Product Processor Displays the product processor for the created pricing model. Priority Displays the priority of the created pricing model. Use Existing Rule Displays the existing rule if linked. Rule Code Displays the rule code for the created pricing model.  Click this icon to get the information about the rule. Rule Name Displays the rule name. Create New Rule Displays the new rule linked to the pricing model.Chapter 3 Pricing 3-88Table 3-65    (Cont.) Pricing Model Maintenance - View - Field Description Field Description Code Specify the new rule code for the created pricing model. Description Specify the rule description for the created pricing model. + icon This icon can add new expression. Fact / Rules Displays the fact or rule of the created pricing model. Operator Displays the comparison operator of the created pricing model. Data Type Displays the data type for the fact or rule for the created pricing model. Output Displays the output for the created pricing model. Expression Displays the expression updated in the expression builder forthe created pricing model. Pricing Definition The below fields appears in the Pricing Definition  tab. Minimum Rate Displays the minimum rate applicable for the defined pricingmodel. Maximum Rate Displays the maximum rate applicable for the defined pricingmodel. Rate Type Displays the range type for the created pricing model from thedrop-down list. The available options are: •Flat •Tiered Rate% Displays the interest rate application for the defined pricing. Note: This field appears once the user select the Rate Type  as Flat and Link a Rule?  option as Yes. Rule Displays the rule for the defined pricing. Note: This field appears once you select the Rate Type option as Flat and Link a Rule?  option as Yes. <Numeric Feature> FromDisplays the minimum numeric value of feature to which the interest rate is applicable. Note: This field displays if the Rate Type  is selected as Tiered .Chapter 3 Pricing 3-89Table 3-65    (Cont.) Pricing Model Maintenance - View - Field Description Field Description <Numeric Feature> To Displays the maximum numeric value of feature to which the interest rate is applicable. Note: This field displays if the Rate Type  is selected as Tiered . <Character Feature> ValueDisplays the alphabetic value for which the interest rate is applicable. Note: This field displays if the Rate Type  is selected as Tiered . Rate% Displays the interest rate applicable for the defined tier. Note: This field appears once you select the Rate Type option as Tiered  and Link a Rule?  option as No. Rule Displays the rule for the defined tier. Note: This field appears once you select the Rate Type option as Tiered  and Link a Rule?  option as Yes. 3.13 Validation Model This topic describes the information about the Validation model. During credit decision, system evaluates a credit score that represents the creditworthiness of an individual. Banks also do an initial evaluation by using somerules to decide whether to proceed with credit decisioning process or not. A bank canperform this evaluation by maintaining a Validation model. Multiple levels of rule canbe setup in Validation model. The system will process the next step of creditdecisioning only if all the rules are satisfied. If any rule fails, then system will stop theprocessing and decline the request. This topic contains the following subtopics:Chapter 3 Validation Model 3-90•Create Validation Model This topic describes the systematic instructions to create Validation model based on thevarious input. •View Validation ModelThis topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of configured validationmodel. 3.13.1 Create Validation Model This topic describes the systematic instructions to create Validation model based on thevarious input. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Homescreen , click Core Maintenance , under Core Maintenance , click Credit Decision . 2.Under Credit Decision , click Maintenance , under Maintenance , click Validation Model , under Validation Model , click Create Validation Model . The Create Validation Model  screen displays. Figure 3-61    Create Validation Model 3.On Create Validation Model  screen, specify the fields. Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-66    Create Validation Model - Field Description Field Description Validation Model Code Specify the unique Validation model code.Chapter 3 Validation Model 3-91Table 3-66    (Cont.) Create Validation Model - Field Description Field Description Validation Model DescriptionSpecify a short description for the Validation model. Effective Date Specify the effective date. Expiry Date Specify the expiry date. Product Processor Specify the product processor for which the Validation model is being created. Priority Specify the priority of the pricing. 4.Click the Selection Criteria  to define selection criteria rules. The Create Validation Model - Selection Criteria  screen displays. Figure 3-62    Create Validation Model - Selection Criteria Chapter 3 Validation Model 3-92Table 3-67    Create Validation Model - Selection Criteria - Field Description Field Description Use Existing Rule By default, this option is enabled. Indicates if the existing rule is linked. Rule Code Select the rule code from the drop down list.  Click this icon to get the information about the rule. Rule Name Displays the rule name of the rule code. Create New Rule Select this option to create new rule. Code Specify the rule code. Description Specify the rule description. + icon Click this icon to add new expression. Fact / Rules Select the fact or rule from the drop-down list.Once the user selects the fact/rules, one more field opens adjacentto the output, update the same based on the selected output option. Operator Select the comparison operator from the drop-down list.The available options are: •< •> •+ •= •% •!= •- •>= •<= •* •/ •Contains •In •Like •Matches •NotMatches •NotContains •NotinChapter 3 Validation Model 3-93Table 3-67    (Cont.) Create Validation Model - Selection Criteria - Field Description Field Description Data Type Select the data type for the fact or rule. Once the user select the data type, one more field opens adjacentto the output, update the same based on the selected output option. The available options are: •Text •Number •Boolean •Date •Fact •Rules The below option displays if the Data Type  is selected as Boolean . •True •False Output Select the output from the drop-down list. Once the user select the data type, one more field opens adjacentto the output, update the same based on the selected output option. The available options are: •Text •Number •Boolean •Date •Fact •Rules The below option appears if the Data Type  is selected as Boolean . •True •False Expression Displays the expression updated in the expression builder. 5.Click the Validation Model  to define the pricing. The Create Validation Model – Validation Model  screen displays. Figure 3-63    Create Validation Model – Validation Model Chapter 3 Validation Model 3-94For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-68    Create Validation Model – Validation Model - Field Description Field Description + icon Click this icon to add a new row. - icon Click this icon to delete a row, which is already added. Rule ID Select the rule ID from the drop down list. All rules configured in the rule engine for the selected productprocessor are obtained.  Click this icon to get the information about the rule. Sequence Specify the sequence of execution of rules. Reason Select the reason from the drop down list. Comments Specify the comments. 6.Click Save  to save the details. The Validation Model  is successfully created and can be viewed using the View Validation Model  screen. 3.13.2 View Validation Model This topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of configured validation model. The user can configure the validation model using the Create Validation Model  screen. The status of the created validation model is displayed as Unauthorized  and Open . Once the checker authorizes the model, the status is updated to Authorized  and Open . Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Homescreen , click Core Maintenance , under Core Maintenance , click Credit Decision . 2.Under Credit Decision , click Maintenance , under Maintenance , click Validation Model , under Validation Model , click View Validation Model . The View Validation Model  screen displays. Figure 3-64    View Validation Model Chapter 3 Validation Model 3-95For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-69    View Validation Model – Field Description Field Description Validation Model Code Displays the validation model code. Validation Model DescriptionDisplays the description of the validation model. Product ProcessorCode Displays the product processor code. Authorization Status Select the authorization status from the drop-down list. The available options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Select the record status from the drop-down list. The available options are: •Open •Closed 3.On View Validation Model  screen, click icon. The View Validation Model - Search  screen displays.Chapter 3 Validation Model 3-96Figure 3-65    View Validation Model - Search For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-70    View Validation Model - Search – Field Description Field Description Validation Model CodeSpecify the validation model code. Validation ModelDescription Specify the description of the validation model. AuthorizationStatus Select the authorization status from the drop-down list. The available options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Select the record status from the drop-down list. The available options are: •Open •Closed 4.On View Validation Model  screen, click Chapter 3 Validation Model 3-97icon to Unlock , Delete , Authorize  or View  the created validation model. 5.Click Unlock  to modify the created validation model. The Validation Model Maintenance - Modify  screen displays. Figure 3-66    Validation Model Maintenance - Modify Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-71    Validation Model Maintenance - Modify - Field Description Field Description Validation Model CodeDisplays the created validation model code. ValidationModelDescription The user can modify the description for the created validation model.Chapter 3 Validation Model 3-98Table 3-71    (Cont.) Validation Model Maintenance - Modify - Field Description Field Description Effective Date The user can modify effective date for the created validation model. Expiry Date The user can modify expiry date for the created validation model. Product ProcessorDisplays the product processor for the created validation model. Priority The user can modify the priority of the created validation model. Use ExistingRule The user can modify the existing rule if linked. Rule Code The user can modify the rule code for the created validation model.  Click this icon to get the information about the rule. Rule Name Displays the rule name. Create NewRule The user can modify the new rule linked to the validation model. Code Specify the new rule code for the created validation model. Description Specify the rule description for the created validation model. + icon This icon can add new expression. Fact / Rules Displays the fact or rule of the created validation model. Operator Displays the comparison operator of the created validation model. Data Type Displays the data type for the fact or rule for the created validation model. Output Displays the output for the created validation model. Expression Displays the expression updated in the expression builder for thecreated validation model. Rule ID The user can modify the rule ID of the created validation model.  Click this icon to get the information about the rule. Sequence Displays the sequence of the created validation model. Reason The user can modify the reason of the created validation model. Comments The user can modify the comments of the created validation model. 6.Click Save  to update the modified fields. 7.Click View  to view the created validation model. The Validation Model Maintenance – View  screen displays.Chapter 3 Validation Model 3-99Figure 3-67    Validation Model Maintenance - View For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-72    Validation Model Maintenance - View - Field Description Field Description Validation Model CodeDisplays the created validation model code. ValidationModelDescription Displays the description for the created validation model. Effective Date Displays the effective date for the created validation model. Expiry Date Displays the expiry date for the created validation model. ProductProcessor Displays the product processor for the created validation model. Priority Displays the priority of the created validation model. Use ExistingRule Displays the existing rule if linked. Rule Code Displays the rule code for the created validation model.Chapter 3 Validation Model 3-100Table 3-72    (Cont.) Validation Model Maintenance - View - Field Description Field Description  Click this icon to get the information about the rule. Rule Name Displays the rule name. Create New RuleDisplays the new rule linked to the validation model. Code Displays the new rule code for the created validation model. Description Displays the rule description for the created validation model. + icon This icon can add new expression. Fact / Rules Displays the fact or rule of the created validation model. Operator Displays the comparison operator of the created validation model. Data Type Displays the data type for the fact or rule for the created validation model. Output Displays the output for the created validation model. Expression Displays the expression updated in the expression builder for thecreated validation model. Rule ID Displays the rule ID of the created validation model.  Click this icon to get the information about the rule. Sequence Displays the sequence of the created validation model. Reason Displays the reason of the created validation model. Comments Displays the comments of the created validation model. 3.14 Qualitative Scoring Model This topic describes the information about the Qualitative scoring model for the Decision service. Financial institution use different models for different product or use case. The qualitative scoring model used for home loan would be different then the personal loan. Banks usuallygrant loan based on a credit scoring model that combines quantitative and qualitativeanalysis. This topic contains the following subtopics: •Create Qualitative Scoring Model This topic describes the systematic instructions to configure the qualitative scoring modelbased on the various scoring parameters. •View Qualitative Scoring ModelThis topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of configured qualitativescoring model.Chapter 3 Qualitative Scoring Model 3-1013.14.1 Create Qualitative Scoring Model This topic describes the systematic instructions to configure the qualitative scoring model based on the various scoring parameters. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Homescreen , click Core Maintenance , under Core Maintenance , click Credit Decision . 2.Under Credit Decision , click Maintenance , under Maintenance , click Qualitative Scoring , under Qualitative Scoring Model , click Qualitative Scoring Model . The Create Qualitative Scoring Model  screen displays. Figure 3-68    Create Qualitative Scoring Model 3.On Create Qualitative Scoring Model  screen, specify the fields. Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-73    Create Qualitative Scoring Model - Field Description Field Description Scoring Model Select the scoring model from the drop-sown list. The available options are: •Application Scoring Model •Applicant Scoring Model Qualitative Scoring ModelCode Specify the unique scoring model code. QualitativeScoring ModelDescription Specify a short description for the scoring model.Chapter 3 Qualitative Scoring Model 3-102Table 3-73    (Cont.) Create Qualitative Scoring Model - Field Description Field Description Effective Date Specify the effective date. Expiry Date Specify the expiry date. Product ProcessorSpecify the product processor for which the model is being created. Priority Specify the priority of the model. 4.Click the Selection Criteria  to define qualitative scoring model. The Create Qualitative Scoring Model - Selection Criteria  screen displays. Figure 3-69    Create Qualitative Scoring Model - Selection Criteria For more information on fields, refer to the field description table.Chapter 3 Qualitative Scoring Model 3-103Table 3-74    Create Qualitative Scoring Model - Selection Criteria - Field Description Field Description Use Existing RuleBy default, this option is enabled. Indicates if the existing rule is linked. Rule Code Select the rule code from the drop down list.  Click this icon to get the information about the rule. Rule Name Displays the rule name of the rule code. Create NewRule Select this option to create new rule. Code Specify the rule code. Description Specify the rule description. + icon Click this icon to add new expression. Fact / Rules Select the fact or rule from the drop-down list. Once the user selects the fact/rules, one more field opens adjacent tothe output, update the same based on the selected output option. Operator Select the comparison operator from the drop-down list.The available options are: •< •> •+ •= •% •!= •- •>= •<= •* •/ •Contains •In •Matches •NotMatches •NotContains •NotinChapter 3 Qualitative Scoring Model 3-104Table 3-74    (Cont.) Create Qualitative Scoring Model - Selection Criteria - Field Description Field Description Data Type Select the data type for the fact or rule. Once the user select the data type, one more field opens adjacent tothe output, update the same based on the selected output option. The available options are: •Text •Number •Boolean •Date •Fact •Rules The below option appears if the Data Type  is selected as Boolean . •True •False Output Select the output from the drop-down list. Once the user select the data type, one more field opens adjacent tothe output, update the same based on the selected output option. The available options are: •Text •Number •Boolean •Date •Fact •Rules The below option appears if the Data Type  is selected as Boolean . •True •False Expression Displays the expression updated in the expression builder. 5.Click the Scoring Rule  to define the rules. This tab is enabled if Application Scoring Model  is selected. The Create Qualitative Scoring Model - Scoring Rule  screen displays. Figure 3-70    Create Qualitative Scoring Model - Scoring Rule Chapter 3 Qualitative Scoring Model 3-105For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-75    Create Qualitative Scoring Model - Scoring Rule - Field Description Field Description Rule Code Select the rule code from the drop-down list.  Click this icon to get the information about the rule. Rule Name Displays the rule name of the rule code. 6.Click the Questionnaire  tab to define the scoring model based on the various questionnaires. This tab is enabled if Applicant Scoring Model  is selected. The Create Qualitative Scoring Model - Questionnaire  screen displays. Figure 3-71    Create Qualitative Scoring Model - Questionnaire For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-76    Create Qualitative Scoring Model - Questionnaire - FieldDescription Field Description Questionnaire CodeSelect the questionnaire code from the drop-down list. It will list down all the questionnaire created as a part of create questionnaire. Questionnaire NameDisplays the questionnaire name of the selected questionnaire code.Chapter 3 Qualitative Scoring Model 3-106Table 3-76    (Cont.) Create Qualitative Scoring Model - Questionnaire - Field Description Field Description Question ID Displays the question ID in the questionnaire. Question Displays the question description linked to the question ID. Define Range/ ValueClick the Define  link to define the score for the expected response. Enable By default, this option is enabled. Indicates if the question ID is enabled or not. 7.Click the Define  link to define a range or absolute values for questions. The Create Qualitative Scoring Model - Define Link  screen displays. Figure 3-72    Create Qualitative Scoring Model - Define Link For more information on fields, refer to the field description table.Chapter 3 Qualitative Scoring Model 3-107Table 3-77    Create Qualitative Scoring Model - Define Link – Numeric Feature - Field Description Field Description Value Displays the options available for a questionnaire. Score Specify the score to be assigned to each value. Category Specify the category for each range or value from the drop-down list. The values are configurable based on the lookup values maintained.The available options are: •Strong •Medium •Weak 8.Click Done  to save the data and close the range panel. 9.Click Save  to save the details. The Qualitative Scoring Model  is successfully created and can be viewed using the View Qualitative Scoring Model  screen. 3.14.2 View Qualitative Scoring Model This topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of configured qualitative scoring model. The user can configure the qualitative scoring model using the Create Qualitative Scoring Model  screen. The status of the uploaded model is displayed as Unauthorized  and Open . Once the checker authorizes the model, the status is updated to Authorized  and Open . Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Homescreen , click Core Maintenance , under Core Maintenance , click Credit Decision . 2.Under Credit Decision , click Maintenance , under Maintenance , click Qualitative Scoring , under Qualitative Scoring Model , click View Qualitative Scoring Model . The View Qualitative Scoring Model  screen displays. Figure 3-73    View Qualitative Scoring Model For more information on fields, refer to the field description table.Chapter 3 Qualitative Scoring Model 3-108Table 3-78    View Qualitative Scoring Model – Field Description Field Description Scoring Model Code Displays the scoring model code. Scoring Model DescriptionDisplays the description of the scoring model. Product Processor Code Displays the product processor code Authorization Status Displays the authorization status of the record. The options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Displays the status of the record. The options are: •Open •Closed Modification Number Displays the number of modification performed on the record. 3.On View Qualitative Scoring Model  screen, click icon. The View Qualitative Scoring Model - Search  screen displays.Chapter 3 Qualitative Scoring Model 3-109Figure 3-74    View Qualitative Scoring Model - Search For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-79    View Qualitative Scoring Model - Search – Field Description Field Description Scoring Model Code Specify the scoring model code. Scoring Model DescriptionSpecify the description of the scoring model. Authorization Status Select the authorization status from the drop-down list. The available options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Select the record status from the drop-down list. The available options are: •Open •Closed 4.On View Qualitative Scoring Model  screen, click Chapter 3 Qualitative Scoring Model 3-110icon to Unlock , Delete , Authorize , or View  the created qualitative scoring model. 5.Click Unlock  to modify the created qualitative scoring model. The Qualitative Scoring Model Maintenance - Modify  screen displays. Figure 3-75    Qualitative Scoring Model Maintenance - Modify Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-80    Qualitative Scoring Model Maintenance - Modify - Field Description Field Description Scoring Model Displays the scoring model for the created qualitative scoring model.Chapter 3 Qualitative Scoring Model 3-111Table 3-80    (Cont.) Qualitative Scoring Model Maintenance - Modify - Field Description Field Description Qualitative Scoring Model CodeDisplays the qualitative scoring model code for the created qualitative scoring model. Qualitative Scoring Model DescriptionThe user can modify the qualitative scoring model description for the created qualitative scoring model. Effective Date Displays the effective date of the created qualitative scoring model.User can modify the same before authorization. Expiry Date Displays the expiry date of the created qualitative scoring model.User can modify the same before authorization. Product Processor Displays the product processor for the created qualitative scoringmodel. Priority The user can modify the priority of the created qualitative scoringmodel. Use Existing Rule User can modify the existing rule if linked. Rule Code Displays the rule code for the created qualitative scoring model.  Click this icon to get the information about the rule. Rule Name Displays the rule name of the rule code for the created qualitativescoring model. Code Displays the rule code. Description Displays the rule description. + icon Click this icon to add new expression. Fact / Rules Displays the fact or rule of the created qualitative scoring model. Operator Displays the comparison operator of the created qualitative scoringmodel. Data Type Displays the data type for the fact or rule for the created qualitativescoring model. Output Displays the output for the created qualitative scoring model. Expression Displays the expression updated in the expression builder for thecreated qualitative scoring model. Rule Code User can modify the rule code for the created qualitative scoringmodel. Rule Name Displays the name for the created qualitative scoring model. Questionnaire This tab is applicable for Applicant Scoring Model . Questionnaire Code User can modify the questionnaire code for the created qualitativescoring model. Questionnaire Name Displays the questionnaire name for the created qualitative scoringmodel. Question ID Displays the question ID for the created qualitative scoring model. Question Displays the question for the created qualitative scoring model. Define Range/Value User can modify the defined range or value. Value Displays the defined value for the created qualitative scoring model. Score User can modify the score for the created qualitative scoring model.Chapter 3 Qualitative Scoring Model 3-112Table 3-80    (Cont.) Qualitative Scoring Model Maintenance - Modify - Field Description Field Description Category User can modify the category for the created qualitative scoring model. Enable Displays if the question ID is enabled or not. 6.Click Save  to update the modified fields. 7.Click View  to view the created qualitative scoring model. The Qualitative Scoring Model Maintenance – View  screen displays. Figure 3-76    Qualitative Scoring Model Maintenance – View For more information on fields, refer to the field description table.Chapter 3 Qualitative Scoring Model 3-113Table 3-81    Qualitative Scoring Model Maintenance - View - Field Description Field Description Scoring Model Displays the scoring model for the created qualitative scoring model. Qualitative Scoring Model CodeDisplays the qualitative scoring model code for the created qualitative scoring model. Qualitative Scoring Model DescriptionDisplays the qualitative scoring model description for the created qualitative scoring model. Effective Date Displays the effective date of the created qualitative scoringmodel.User can modify the same before authorization. Expiry Date Displays the expiry date of the created qualitative scoringmodel.User can modify the same before authorization. Product Processor Displays the product processor for the created qualitativescoring model. Priority The user can modify the priority of the created qualitativescoring model. Use Existing Rule Displays the existing rule if linked. Rule Code Displays the rule code for the created qualitative scoringmodel.  Click this icon to get the information about the rule. Rule Name Displays the rule name of the rule code for the createdqualitative scoring model. Code Displays the rule code. Description Displays the rule description. + icon Click this icon to add new expression. Fact / Rules Displays the fact or rule of the created qualitative scoringmodel. Operator Displays the comparison operator of the created qualitativescoring model. Data Type Displays the data type for the fact or rule for the createdqualitative scoring model. Output Displays the output for the created qualitative scoring model. Expression Displays the expression updated in the expression builder forthe created qualitative scoring model. Rule Code Displays the rule code for the created qualitative scoringmodel. Rule Name Displays the name for the created qualitative scoring model. Questionnaire This tab is applicable for Applicant Scoring Model . Questionnaire Code Displays the questionnaire code for the created qualitativescoring model. Questionnaire Name Displays the questionnaire name for the created qualitativescoring model.Chapter 3 Qualitative Scoring Model 3-114Table 3-81    (Cont.) Qualitative Scoring Model Maintenance - View - Field Description Field Description Question ID Displays the question ID for the created qualitative scoring model. Question Displays the question for the created qualitative scoring model. Define Range/Value Displays the defined range or value. Value Displays the defined value for the created qualitative scoringmodel. Score Displays the score for the created qualitative scoring model. Category Displays the category for the created qualitative scoringmodel. Enable Displays if the question ID is enabled or not. 3.15 Questionnaire This topic describes the information about the questionnaire used for credit analysis. Credit analysis includes analysis of more information and data. Considering that, some of them have quantitative character and others qualitative, credit analysis are viewed from twoaspects such as: Quantitative analysis involves, an assessment of the financial position based on the customer’s income and monthly expenses. It may also include a cash flow analysis of thecustomer’s accounts and credit history. While qualitative assessment, among others takes into account marital status, education or employment form. Banks usually grant loan based on a credit scoring model that combines quantitative and qualitative analysis. This topic contains the following subtopics: •Create Questionnaire This topic describes the systematic instructions to configure the qualitative questionnairebased on the various parameters. •View QuestionnaireThis topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of configuredquestionnaire. 3.15.1 Create Questionnaire This topic describes the systematic instructions to configure the qualitative questionnairebased on the various parameters. This questionnaire can be further linked to define qualitative scoring model. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Homescreen , click Core Maintenance , under Core Maintenance , click Credit Decision .Chapter 3 Questionnaire 3-1152.Under Credit Decision , click Maintenance , under Maintenance , click Questionnaire , under Questionnaire , click Create Questionnaire . The Create Questionnaire  screen displays. Figure 3-77    Create Questionnaire 3.On Create Questionnaire  screen, specify the fields. Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-82    Create Questionnaire - Field Description Field Description Questionnaire CodeSpecify the questionnaire code. QuestionnaireDescription Specify a short description for the questionnaire. ProductProcessor Specify the product processor for which the questionnaire is being created. Category Specify the category of the questionnaire. Create Click Create  to configure the questions. Question Code Specify the unique question code. Question DescriptionSpecify the description for the question. Select-Type Select the type of response option from the drop-down list. The available options are: •Single Select •Multi Select •Input •DateChapter 3 Questionnaire 3-116Table 3-82    (Cont.) Create Questionnaire - Field Description Field Description Select SubTypeSelect the sub-type from the drop-down list. The available options are: •Yes/No •Check box •Rapid Button •Drop down Short Name Specify the short name of the question. This will be displayed in the Execution Summary. Answer Code Displays the answer code. Answer Option Specify all the expected response for the question configured. Add Click Add to add the expected response to the question. Update Click Update  to edit the response. Remove Click remove to remove the response. Required By default, this option is enabled. Indicates whether the question ismandatory or optional. Done Click Done  to save the data. Preview Click Preview  to view the questions configured for the questionnaire along with the response choice.  Click this icon to view the responses configured for the questionnaire.  Click this icon to move the position of the questions.  Click this icon to expand, copy or remove question. Click this icon to copy the question. Click this icon to remove the question. Add Question By Clicking Add Question , the user can add another question. 4.Click Save  to save the details. The Questionnaire  is successfully created and can be viewed using View Questionnaire screen.Chapter 3 Questionnaire 3-1173.15.2 View Questionnaire This topic describes the systematic instructions to view the list of configured questionnaire. The user can create the questionnaire using the Create Questionnaire  screen. The status of the created questionnaire is displayed as Unauthorized  and Open . Once the checker authorizes the questionnaire, the status is updated to Authorized  and Open . Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Homescreen , click Core Maintenance , under Core Maintenance , click Credit Decision . 2.Under Credit Decision , click Maintenance , under Maintenance , click Questionnaire , under Questionnaire , click View Questionnaire . The View Questionnaire  screen displays. Figure 3-78    View Questionnaire For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-83    View Questionnaire – Field Description Field Description Questionnaire CodeDisplays the questionnaire code. QuestionnaireDescription Displays the description of the questionnaire. ProductProcessorCode Displays the product processor code for which the questionnaire is created. Authorization StatusDisplays the authorization status of the record. The options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Displays the status of the record. The options are: •Open •ClosedChapter 3 Questionnaire 3-118Table 3-83    (Cont.) View Questionnaire – Field Description Field Description Modification NumberDisplays the number of modification performed on the record. 3.On View Questionnaire  screen, click icon. The View Questionnaire - Search  screen displays. Figure 3-79    View Questionnaire - Search For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-84    View Questionnaire - Search – Field Description Field Description Questionnaire Code Specify the questionnaire code.Chapter 3 Questionnaire 3-119Table 3-84    (Cont.) View Questionnaire - Search – Field Description Field Description Questionnaire Description Specify the questionnaire description. Authorization Status Select the authorization status from the drop-down list. The available options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Select the record status from the drop-down list. The available options are: •Open •Closed 4.On View Questionnaire  screen, click icon to Unlock , Delete , Authorize  or View  the created questionnaire. 5.Click Unlock  to modify the created questionnaire. The Questionnaire Maintenance - Modify  screen displays. Figure 3-80    Questionnaire Maintenance - Modify Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table.Chapter 3 Questionnaire 3-120Table 3-85    Questionnaire Maintenance - Modify - Field Description Field Description Questionnaire Code Displays the questionnaire code. Questionnaire Description The user can modify the questionnaire description. Product Processor Displays the product processor for the created questionnaire. Category The user can modify the category of the created questionnaire. Preview Click Preview  to display the questions configured for the questionnaire along with the response choice.  Click this icon to expand copy or remove question.  Click this icon to move the position of the questions.  Click this icon to see the question details. Question Code Displays the question code for the created questionnaire. Question Description The user can modify the question code for the created questionnaire. Select-Type Displays the type of questionnaire. Short Name User can modify the short name of the created questionnaire. Answer Code Displays the answer code. Answer Option User can modify all the expected response for the questionconfigured. Required User can modify if the question is mandatory or optional. 6.Click Save  to update the modified fields. 7.Click View  to view the created logical model. The Questionnaire Maintenance – View  screen displays.Chapter 3 Questionnaire 3-121Figure 3-81    Questionnaire Maintenance – View For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-86    Questionnaire Maintenance - View - Field Description Field Description Questionnaire Code Displays the questionnaire code. Questionnaire DescriptionDisplays the questionnaire description. Product Processor Displays the product processor for the created questionnaire. Category Displays the category of the created questionnaire. Preview Click Preview  to display the questions configured for the questionnaire along with the response choice. Question Code Displays the question code for the created questionnaire. Question Description Displays the question code for the created questionnaire. Select Type Displays the type of questionnaire. Short Name Displays the short name of the created questionnaire. Answer Code Displays the answer code. Answer Option Displays all the expected response for the question configured. Required Displays if the question is mandatory or optional. 3.16 Counter This topic describes the information about the counter feature. In many scenarios, charges are levied based on the number of transactions like ATM Transaction, Branch Cash Withdrawal etc. System should be able to give chargebenefit based on the count of transaction. To support the charge based on count, PDS will be enhanced where the Count of transaction will be maintained for an event which later can be used to give relationshippricing. This topic contains the following subtopics:Chapter 3 Counter 3-122•Create Counter This topic describes the systematic instructions to create counter by updating variousdetails. •View CounterThis topic describes the systematic instructions to view the counter. 3.16.1 Create Counter This topic describes the systematic instructions to create counter by updating various details. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Homescreen , click Core Maintenance , under Core Maintenance , click Credit Decision . 2.Under Credit Decision , click Maintenance , under Maintenance , click Counter , under Counter , click Create Counter . The Create Counter  screen displays. Figure 3-82    Create Counter 3.On Create Counter  screen, Specify the fields. Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-87    Create Counter - Field Description Field Description Counter Code Specify the unique counter code. Counter Description Specify the description for the counter. Product Processor Select the product processor from the dropdown list for which code is being createdChapter 3 Counter 3-123Table 3-87    (Cont.) Create Counter - Field Description Field Description Event ID Click on  icon and select the id from the list. Effective Date Specify the effective date. Expiry Date Specify the expiry date. Entity ID Select the options from the drop-down list. Theavailable options are: •PartyID •AccountID •CollateralID Click this icon to get the information about the rule. Fact ID Specify the fact ID for the selected entity. Frequency Description Specify the description of the fact ID selected. Operation Select the value from the drop-down list. Theavailable options are: •Increase •Decrease Period Basis Select from the drop-down list The available options are: •Calendar •Anniversary . Frequency Select the value from the drop-down list. The available options are: •Daily •Weekly •Monthly •Quarterly •Half Yearly •Yearly Click this icon to get the information about the rule. Counter Enable Click the toggle status to enable the counter. Rule ID Select the rule Id from the drop-down list. Click this icon to get the information about therule.Chapter 3 Counter 3-1244.Click Save  to save the details. The Create Counter  is successfully created and can be viewed using the View Counter screen. 3.16.2 View Counter This topic describes the systematic instructions to view the counter. The user can configure the lookup using the Create Counter  screen. The status of the created lookup is displayed as Unauthorized  and Open . Once the checker authorizes the lookup, the status is updated to Authorized  and Open . Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Homescreen , click Core Maintenance , under Core Maintenance , click Credit Decision . 2.Under Credit Decision , click Maintenance , under Maintenance , click Counter , under Counter , click View Counter . The View Counter  screen displays. Figure 3-83    View Counter For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-88    View Counter Field Description Counter Code Displays the counter code. Counter Description Displays the description of the counter code. Product Processor Displays the product processor of the counter. Status Displays the status of the record. Modification Number Displays the number of modifications performed on the record. 3.On View Lookup  screen, click   icon. The View Counter - Search  screen displays.Chapter 3 Counter 3-125Figure 3-84    View Counter - Search 4.On View Counter - Search  screen, specify the Search Filter  to fetch the required lookup. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-89    View Counter – Search – Field Description Field Description Counter Code Specify the counter code. Counter Description Specify the counter description. Authorization Status Select the authorization status from the drop-down list. The available options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Select the record status from the drop-down list. The available options are: •Open •Closed 5.Click Search  to display the required lookup.Chapter 3 Counter 3-1266.On View Counter  screen, click   icon to Unlock , Delete , Authorize , or View  the created counter. 7.Click Unlock  to modify the following fields. The Counter Maintenance - Modify  screen displays. Figure 3-85    Lookup Maintenance - Modify For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-90    Counter Maintenance - Modify - Field Description Field Description Counter Code Displays the created counter code. Counter Description Displays the Counter Description. User can modify the same. Product Processor Displays the product processor of the createdCounter code. Effective Date Displays the effective date of the createdcounter.User can modify the same before authorizationif it is future dated. Expiry Date Displays the expiry date of the created counter.User can modify the same. Entity ID Displays the Entity IDs selected for createdcounter.User can modify the same.  User can modify the sameChapter 3 Counter 3-127Table 3-90    (Cont.) Counter Maintenance - Modify - Field Description Field Description  Click to get the information about the rule. Fact ID Displays the Fact IDs selected for created counter.User can modify the same. Frequency Description Displays the frequency description for thecreated counter.User can modify the same. Operation Displays the frequency for the created counter.User can modify the same. Period Basis Displays the period basis selected. Frequency Displays the frequency for the created counter.User can modify the same.  Displays the number of frequencies selected.  Click to get the information about the rule. Rule ID Displays the Rule ID for selected for the createdCounter.  Click to get the information about the rule. 8.Click Save  to update the modified fields. 9.Click View  to view the created counter. The Counter Maintenance - View  screen displays.Chapter 3 Counter 3-128Figure 3-86    Counter Maintenance - View For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-91    Counter Maintenance - View - Field Description Field Description Counter Code Displays the created counter code. Counter Description Displays the created counter description. Product Processor Displays the product processor of the created counter. Event ID Displays the ID for the created counter. Effective Date Displays the effective date for the createdcounter. Expiry Date Displays the expiry date for the created counter. Entity ID Displays the entity IDs for the created counter.  Displays the number of the IDs selected.  Click to get the information about the rule. Fact ID Displays the fact IDs for the created counter. Frequency Description Displays the frequency description of thecreated counter. Operation Displays the operation for the created counter. Period Basis Displays the period basis. Frequency Displays the frequencies selected for thecreated counter.Chapter 3 Counter 3-129Table 3-91    (Cont.) Counter Maintenance - View - Field Description Field Description  Displays the number for frequencies selected.  Click to get the information about the rule. Rule ID Displays the rule ID for the created counter.  Click to get the information about the rule. 3.17 Charge Code This topic describes the information about the charge code feature. Fee definition can be simple like fixed amount or fixed percentage but can be complex which is based on various attributes like customer segment, count of transaction,amount of transaction etc. This topic contains the following subtopics: •Create Charge Code This topic describes the systematic instructions to create charge code by updatingvarious details. •View Charge CodeThis topic describes the systematic instructions to view the charge code forDecision Service. 3.17.1 Create Charge Code This topic describes the systematic instructions to create charge code by updatingvarious details. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Homescreen , click Core Maintenance , under Core Maintenance , click Credit Decision . 2.Under Credit Decision , click Maintenance , under Maintenance , click Charge Coded , under Charge Code , click Create Charge Code . The Create Charge Code  screen displays.Chapter 3 Charge Code 3-130Figure 3-87    Create Charge Code 3.On Create Charge Code  screen, specify the fields. Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-92    Create Charge Code Field Description Advance Charging Click the toggle status to enable the parameter. Indicates the definition is for advance or simple.By default, the status will be off. Charge Code Specify the unique code for the charge. Charge Description Specify a short description for the charge code. Product processor Code Select the product processor from the drop-down list for which the charge is being created. Product Processor Description Displays the description of the productprocessor code defined. Effective Date Specify the effective date. Expiry Date Specify the expiry date. Charging Currency Select the currency from the drop-down list. Rate Code Click on search and select from the list. Rate Type Select the rate type from the drop-down list. Theavailable options are: •Buy •Sell •MidChapter 3 Charge Code 3-131Table 3-92    (Cont.) Create Charge Code Field Description Per Annum Basis (Days) Select the days from the drop-down list. The available options are: •360 •365 •366 Charge In Txn Currency Click the toggle status to enable this parameter. Indicates the charge is to be charged of feecurrency or transaction currency.By default, the status will be off. Charge Type Select the type from the drop-down list. Theavailable options are: •Fixed Amount •Fixed Percentage •Tiered Charge Amount Specify the amount for the charge type.This field is visible if the Charge Type  is selected as Fixed Amount . Percentage (%) Specify the percentage for the charge type.This field is visible if the Charge Type  is selected as Fixed Percentage . Minimum Amount Specify the minimum amount to be charged.This field will not be visible if the Charge Type is selected as Fixed Amount . Maximum Amount Specify the maximum amount to be charged.This field will not be visible if the Charge Type is selected as Fixed Amount . Tiered Charge Type Select the tiered charge type from the dropdown list. The available options are: •Amount •Percentage •Amount or Percentage This field is visible if the Charge Type  is selected as Tiered . The below option appears if the Advance Charging  is enabled. •Rule •Amount or Rule •Percentage or Rule Tier Type Select from tier type the drop-down list. The available options are: •Cumulative •Slab This field is visible if the Charge Type  is selected as Tiered . Charge Per Count Click on toggle status to enable the parameter.This field is visible if the Charge Type  is selected as Tiered  and Tier Charge Type  as Amount , Amount or Rule , and Rule .Chapter 3 Charge Code 3-132Table 3-92    (Cont.) Create Charge Code Field Description Tier Criteria Select the tier criteria from the drop-down list. The available options are: •Amount •Period •Amount or Period The system will not allow use to select theabove options if the Tier Type  is selected as Slab . + button Click to add a new row. - button Click to delete the row. Amount / Period / Amount or Period - From Specify the start value of the count range.This field is visible only if the Charge Type is selected as Tiered . Amount / Period / Amount or Period - To Specify the final value of the count rangeThis field is visible only if the Charge Type  is selected as Tiered . Amount Specify the amount.This field is visible only if the Charge Type  is selected as Tiered  and Tiered Charge Type  as Amount . Percentage Specify the charge percentage.This field is visible only if the Charge Type  is selected as Tiered  and Tiered Charge Type  as Percentage . Output Option Select the option from which the output must be displayed. This field is visible only if the Charge Type  is selected as Tiered  and Tiered Charge Type  as Amount or Percentage . Output Specify the output.This field is visible only if the Charge Type  is selected as Tiered  and Tiered Charge Type  as Amount or Percentage . Basis of Select from the drop-down list.This field is visible only if Charge Type  is selected as Tiered  and Advance Charging  is enabled. Rule Toggle to enable if the rule is applicable.This field is visible only if the Advance Charging  and Rule  is enabled and Charge Type  is selected as Fixed Amount  or Fixed Percentage . Rule ID Select the rule from the drop-down list.This filed is visible if the Advance Charging and Rule  is enabled. Toggle the  Advance Charging  to link the list of features. This Feature is visible if the Charge Type  is selected as Tiered . 4.4. Click + Add/Edit column  to select and link the facts.Chapter 3 Charge Code 3-133The + Add/Edit column  pop-up screen displays. Figure 3-88    Add Columns For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. 5.Select the facts names from the list. ( 'n' number of facts can be selected) 6.Click Save  to link the features for defining the tiered charge type. The Create Charge Code - Tiered  screen displays. Figure 3-89    Create Charge Code - Tiered For more information on fields, refer to the field description table.Chapter 3 Charge Code 3-134Table 3-93    Create Charge Code - Tiered Field Description <Numeric Feature>From Specify the minimum numeric value of the facts selected. <Numeric Feature>To Specify the maximum numeric value of the factsselected. <Numeric Feature>Value Specify the value of the facts selected. 7.7. Click Save  to save the details. The Create Charge Code  is successfully created and can be viewed using the screen. 3.17.2 View Charge Code This topic describes the systematic instructions to view the charge code for Decision Service. The user can configure the lookup using the Create Charge Code  screen. The status of the created lookup is displayed as Unauthorized  and Open . Once the checker authorizes the lookup, the status is updated to Authorized  and Open . Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Homescreen , click Core Maintenance , under Core Maintenance , click Credit Decision . 2.Under Credit Decision , click Maintenance , under Maintenance , click Charge Code , under Charge Code , click View Charge Code . The View Charge Code  screen displays. Figure 3-90    View Charge Code For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-94    View Charge Code Field Description Charge Code Displays the charge code. Charge Code Description Displays the description of the charge code. Product Processor Code Displays the product processor of the charge code. Charging Currency Displays the currency of the charge code. Status Displays the status of the record.Chapter 3 Charge Code 3-135Table 3-94    (Cont.) View Charge Code Field Description Modification Number Displays the number of modifications performed on the record. 3.On View Charge Code  screen, click   icon. The View Charge Code - Search  screen displays. Figure 3-91    View Charge Code - Search 4.On View Charge Code - Search  screen, specify the Search Filter  to fetch the required lookup. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-95    View Charge Code – Search – Field Description Field Description Charge Code Specify the charge code. Charge Code Description Specify the short description for the charge code.Chapter 3 Charge Code 3-136Table 3-95    (Cont.) View Charge Code – Search – Field Description Field Description Authorization Status Select the authorization status of the parameters. The available options are: •Authorized •Rejected •Unauthorized Record Status Select the record status of the parameters. The available options are: •Open •Closed 5.Click Search  to display the required lookup. 6.On View Charge Code  screen, click   icon to Unlock , Delete , Authorize , or View the created charge code. 7.Click Unlock  to modify the following fields. The Charge Code Maintenance - Modify  screen displays. Figure 3-92    Charge Code Maintenance - Modify For more information on fields, refer to the field description table.Chapter 3 Charge Code 3-137Table 3-96    Charge Code Maintenance - Modify - Field Description Field Description Charge Code Displays the created charge code. Charge Description Displays the description for the created charge code.User can modify the same. Product Processor Code Displays the product processor of thecreated charge code. Product Processor Description Displays the product processor of thecreated charge code. Effective Date Displays the effective date for the createdcharge code.User can modify the same if the date isfuture dated. Expiry Date Displays the expiry date for the createdcharge code.User can modify the same. Charging Currency Displays the type of the currency.User can modify the same. Rate Code Displays the rate code for the createdcharge code.User can modify the same. Rate Type Displays the rate type for the created chargecode.User can modify the same. Per Annum Basis (Days) Displays the numbers of the days for thecreated code.User can modify the same. Charge in Txn Currency Displays the toggle status for the createdcharge code.User can modify the same. Charge Type Displays the type for the created chargecode.User can modify the same. Charge Amount Displays the amount for the created chargecode.User can modify the same. This field is displayed if the Charge Type  is selected as Fixed Amount . Percentage (%) Displays the percentage for the created charge code.User can modify the same. This field is displayed if the Charge Type  is selected as Fixed Percentage. Minimum Amount Displays the minimum amount. User can modify the same. This field will be displayed if the Charge Type  is selected as Fixed Percentage  or Tiered  and Tier Charge Type  as Percentage/Amount or Percentage .Chapter 3 Charge Code 3-138Table 3-96    (Cont.) Charge Code Maintenance - Modify - Field Description Field Description Maximum Amount Displays the maximum amount. User can modify the same. This field will be displayed if the Charge Type  is selected as Fixed Percentage or Tiered  and Tier Charge Type  as Percentage/Amount or Percentage . Tiered Charge Type Displays the charge type for the created charge code.User can modify the same. This field is displayed if the Charge Type  is selected as Tiered . Tier Type Displays the tier type for the created charge code.User can modify the same. This field is displayed if the Charge Type  is selected as Tiered . Change Per Count Displays the toggle status for the created charge code.User can modify the same. This field is displayed if the Charge Type  is selected as Tiered  and Tier Charge Type as Amount , Amount or Rule , or Rule . Tier Criteria Displays the tier criteria for the created charge code.User can modify the same. This field is displayed if the Charge Type  is selected as Tiered . + button Click to add a new row. - button Click to delete the row. Amount / Period / Amount or Period - FromDisplays the start value of the count range. User can modify the same. This field is visible only if the Charge Type is selected as Tiered . Amount / Period / Amount or Period - To Displays the final value of the count range. User can modify the same. This field is visible only if the Charge Type is selected as Tiered . Amount Displays the charge amount. User can modify the same. This field is visible only if the Charge Type is selected as Tiered  and Tiered Charge Type  as Amount . Percentage Displays the charge percentage. User can modify the same. This field is visible only if the Charge Type is selected as Tiered  and Tiered Charge Type  as Percentage .Chapter 3 Charge Code 3-139Table 3-96    (Cont.) Charge Code Maintenance - Modify - Field Description Field Description Output Option Displays the output option selected. User can modify the same. This field is visible only if the Charge Type is selected as Tiered  and Tiered Charge Type  as Amount or Percentage . Output Displays the output. This field is visible only if the Charge Type is selected as Tiered  and Tiered Charge Type  as Amount or Percentage . Basis of Displays the basis of selected from the drop-down list.User can modify the same. This field is visible only if Charge Type  is selected as Tiered  and Advance Charging is enabled. Rule ID Displays the rule selected.  Click this icon to get the information about the rule. 8.Click Save  to update the modified fields. 9.Click View  to view the created counter. The Charge Code Maintenance - View Figure 3-93    Charge Code Maintenance - View Chapter 3 Charge Code 3-140For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-97    Charge Code Maintenance - View - Field Description Field Description Charge Code Displays the created charge code. Charge Description Displays the description for the created charge code. Product Processor Code Displays the product processor of the createdcharge code. Product Processor Description Displays the product processor of the createdcharge code. Effective Date Displays the effective date for the createdcharge code. Expiry Date Displays the expiry date for the created chargecode. Charging Currency Displays the type of the currency. Rate Code Displays the rate code for the created chargecode. Rate Type Displays the rate type for the created chargecode. Per Annum Basis (Days) Displays the numbers of the days for thecreated code. Charge in Txn Currency Displays the toggle status for the createdcharge code. Charge Type Displays the type for the created charge code. Charge Amount Displays the amount for the created chargecode. This field is displayed if the Charge Type  is selected as Fixed Amount . Percentage (%) Displays the percentage for the created charge code. This field is displayed if the Charge Type  is selected as Fixed Percentage . Minimum Amount Displays the minimum amount.This field will be displayed if the Charge Type  is selected as Fixed Percentage  or Tiered  and Tier Charge Type  as Percentage/Amount or Percentage . Maximum Amount Displays the maximum amount.This field will be displayed if the Charge Type  is selected as Fixed Percentage or Tiered  and Tier Charge Type  as Percentage/Amount or Percentage . Tiered Charge Type Displays the charge type for the created charge code. This field is displayed if the Charge Type  is selected as Tiered .Chapter 3 Charge Code 3-141Table 3-97    (Cont.) Charge Code Maintenance - View - Field Description Field Description Tier Type Displays the tier type for the created charge code. This field is displayed if the Charge Type  is selected as Tiered . Change Per Count Displays the toggle status for the created charge code. This field is displayed if the Charge Type  is selected as Tiered  and Tier Charge Type  as Amount , Amount or Rule , or Rule Tier Criteria Displays the tier criteria for the created charge code. This field is displayed if the Charge Type  is selected as Tiered . Amount / Period / Amount or Period - From Displays the start value of the count range.This field is visible only if the Charge Type  is selected as Tiered . Amount / Period / Amount or Period - To Displays the final value of the count range.This field is visible only if the Charge Type  is selected as Tiered . Amount Displays the charge amount.This field is visible only if the Charge Type  is selected as Tiered  and Tiered Charge Type  as Amount . Percentage Displays the charge percentage.This field is visible only if the Charge Type  is selected as Tiered  and Tiered Charge Type  as Percentage . Output Option Displays the output option selected.This field is visible only if the Charge Type  is selected as Tiered  and Tiered Charge Type  as Amount or Percentage . Output Displays the output.This field is visible only if the Charge Type  is selected as Tiered  and Tiered Charge Type  as Amount or Percentage . Basis of Displays the basis of selected from the dropdown list. This field is visible only if Charge Type  is selected as Tiered  and Advance Charging  is enabled. Rule ID Displays the rule selected.  Click this icon to get the information about the rule.Chapter 3 Charge Code 3-1423.18 Execution Summary This topic describes the information to view the decisions, credit score and pricing for the processed application. This topic contains the following subtopics: •View Execution Summary This topic describes the systematic instructions to view the execution summary based onthe various filter options provided. 3.18.1 View Execution Summary This topic describes the systematic instructions to view the execution summary based on thevarious filter options provided. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Home  screen, click Core Maintenance . Under Core Maintenance , click Credit Decision . 2.Under Credit Decision , click Operations . Under Operations , click Execution Summary . The View Execution Summary  screen displays. Figure 3-94    View Execution Summary For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-98    View Execution Summary - Field Description Field Description + icon Click the icon to add a new row. - icon Click the icon to delete a row, which is already added.Chapter 3 Execution Summary 3-143Table 3-98    (Cont.) View Execution Summary - Field Description Field Description Filter Select the required option to search for the execution summary. The available options are:•Reference Number •Internal Reference Number •Decision •Batch/Online •Product Processor •Status •Request Type •Execution Date •Contract ID Value Specify the required details or select an appropriate option for the selected filter option. This field appears once you select an option from the Filter  list. From Date Select the start date of the period during which the execution summary is generated. This field appears if you select the filter option as Execution Date and value as Date Range. To Date Select the end date of the period during which the execution summary is generated. This field appears if you select the filter option as Execution Date and value as Date Range. 3.In the Search Criteria  section, specify the details and click Search . The search results displays with the list of records based on the specified criteria. 4.Click Reset  to reset the search criteria. Figure 3-95    Scoring Decision Summary For more information on fields, refer to the field description table.Chapter 3 Execution Summary 3-144Table 3-99    Scoring Decision Summary - Field Description Field Description Product Processor View the name of the product processor that sent the request. Request Type View the request type sent by product processor. Contract ID View the contract ID sent by the product processor. Reference Number View the request reference number sent by product processor. Internal Reference NumberView the internal reference number of the application. Execution Date View the execution date of the processing application. Mode View the mode of execution of the application. Status View the status of the processed application. 5.Click the corresponding    icon to the required record to view the decision related details on each widget. Only one record can be viewed at a time. To view another record, close the previous record and then the next record can be viewed. The widgets arearranged in a flow in which the execution is done. These are indicated by showing thesequence 1, 2, 3 numbers at the top right corner. The widgets are selectable, onmouseover, the color of the widget changes to indicate that the widget is selectable. 6.When the status of the processed application Fails , a click on the  failure message displays the step that is failed. For example, in case of the Qualitative Score Model  is not resolved, then an error message is displayed in the Qualitative Score Model  widget. The previous widget will show the data which was processed. If the validation processingfails, then the Fail status is shown in the Validation Model  widget, and the reason for failure is displayed by a click on the widget. Figure 3-96    View Execution Summary For more information on fields, refer to the field description table.Chapter 3 Execution Summary 3-145Table 3-100    View Execution Summary - Field Description Field Description Validation Model WidgetDisplays the status of the validation model processed. ValidationModel Code Displays the validation model code, resolved for credit decision. Description Displays the validation model description, resolved for the credit decision. Status Displays the status of the validation model processed. •For status Pass , the color is shown as Green . •For status Fail, the color is shown as Red. Borrowing CapacityWidget Displays the maximum lendable amount that can be given for an application. Eligibility Code Displays the eligibility model code, resolved for calculating theborrowing capacity. Description Displays the eligibility model description, resolved for calculating theborrowing capacity. Requested AmountDisplays the requested amount for the lending application. BorrowingCapacity Displays the maximum lendable amount that can be given for the application. Qualitative Score WidgetDisplays the qualitative credit score, post credit decision of the application. Scoring Model CodeDisplays the scoring model code, resolved for credit decision. •When Is Application Decision Required  is Yes, the application level decision scoring code is displayed. •When Is Application Decision Required  is No, the applicant level decision scoring code is displayed. •When Is Application Decision Required  is No, and Is Primary Applicant  is No, the application level decision scoring code is displayed. Description Displays the scoring model description, resolved for credit decision. Score Displays the qualitative credit score post credit decision of the application. •When Is Application Decision Required  is Yes, the system performs the aggregation, which can be minimum, maximum or average of all applicant’s score. The aggregation performed isdefined as rules and linked at the application level scoring modeland this aggregated score is displayed. •When Is Application Decision Required  is No, the score is displayed by resolving the applicant level scoring model. •When Is Application Decision Required  is No, and Is Primary Applicant  is No, the system performs the aggregation, which can be minimum, maximum or average of all applicant’s score. Theaggregation performed is defined as rule and linked at theapplication level scoring model and this aggregated score isdisplayed. Quantitative Score WidgetDisplays the quantitative credit score post credit decision of the application.Chapter 3 Execution Summary 3-146Table 3-100    (Cont.) View Execution Summary - Field Description Field Description Scoring Model CodeDisplays the scoring model code, resolved for credit decision. •When Is Application Decision Required  is Yes, the applicationlevel decision scoring code is displayed. •When Is Application Decision Required  is No, the applicant level decision scoring code is displayed. •When Is Application Decision Required  is No, and Is Primary Applicant  is No, the multi applicant level scoring code is displayed. Description Displays the scoring model description, resolved for credit decision. Score Displays the quantitative credit score, post credit decision of the application. •When Is Application Decision Required  is Yes, the system performs the aggregation, which can be minimum, maximum or average of all applicant’s score. The aggregation performed isdefined as rules and linked at the application level scoring modeland this aggregated score is displayed. •When Is Application Decision Required  is No, the score is displayed by resolving the applicant level scoring model. •When Is Application Decision Required  is No, and Is Primary Applicant  is No, the score is displayed by resolving the multi applicant level scoring model. Decision and Grade WidgetDisplays the credit decision and scoring grade, taken for the application. Model Code Displays the model code, resolved for credit decision and grade. Description Displays the model description, resolved for credit decision and grade. Decision Displays the credit decision, taken for the application. Grade Displays the scoring grade, post credit decision of the application. Pricing Widget Displays the rate applicable post credit decision. Pricing ModelCode Displays the pricing model code, resolved for credit decision. Description Displays the pricing model description, resolved for credit decision. Rate Type Displays the rate type applicable post credit decision. Rate % Displays the rate applicable post credit decision. Click on the Validation Model  widget, the following fields are displayed. The details for the request which was clicked on the landing page is displayed. Figure 3-97    Validation Model Widget For more information on fields, refer to the field description table.Chapter 3 Execution Summary 3-147Table 3-101    Validation Model Widget - Field Description Field Description Product Processor Displays the name of the product processor that sent the request. This field will be shown on click of each widget. Request Type Displays the request type sent by the product processor.This field will be shown on click of each widget. Contract ID Displays the contract ID sent by the product processor.This field will be shown on click of each widget. Request Reference NumberDisplays the request reference number sent by product processor. This field will be shown on click of each widget. Internal Reference NumberDisplays the internal reference number of the application. This field will be shown on click of each widget. Execution Date Displays the execution date of the processing application.This field will be shown on click of each widget. Mode Displays the mode of execution of the application.This field will be shown on click of each widget. <Validation Model Code>Displays the validation model code that is resolved for credit decision.Click the hyper link to view the rule executed to resolve themodel. Show Rule Log Click to see the rule log. Click to expand the rule. Expression Displays the expression of the rule. Input Displays the input of the rule. Value Displays the value of the rule. Description Displays the description of the validation model. Status Displays the status of validation model. Rule ID Displays the rule ID executed for validation model processing.Click the hyperlink to view the rule executed. Show Rule Log Click to see the rule log. Click to expand the rule. Expression Displays the expression of the rule. Input Displays the input of the rule. Value Displays the value of the rule. Sequence Displays the sequence in which the rules are executed forvalidation model processing. Status Displays the status of the rule execution. In case the status is failed, the reason for failure is displayed as Reason <> . The options are:•Pass •Not Executed  - This status is displayed against a rule if the Stop on Failure  is set as ON and previous rule sequence has failed.Chapter 3 Execution Summary 3-148The following fields are displayed once the user click the Borrowing Capacity widget. Figure 3-98    Borrowing Capacity Widget For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-102    Borrowing Capacity Widget - Field Description Field Description <Eligibility Code> Displays the eligibility code resolved for calculating the borrowing capacity.Click the hyperlink to view the rule executed to resolve theborrowing capacity. Show Rule Log Click to see the rule log. Click to expand the rule. Expression Displays the expression of the rule. Input Displays the input of the rule. Value Displays the value of the rule. Eligibility Description Displays the eligibility description resolved for calculating theborrowing capacity. Requested Amount Displays the requested amount for the lending application. Borrowing Capacity Displays the maximum lendable amount that can be given for anapplication. Fact Displays the fact using which the maximum lendable amount wascalculated. Rule ID Displays the rule ID executed for calculating the maximum lendableamount. Show Rule Log Click to see the rule log. Click to expand the rule. Expression Displays the expression of the rule. Input Displays the input of the rule. Value Displays the value of the rule. The following fields are displayed once you click the Qualitative Score widget.Chapter 3 Execution Summary 3-149Figure 3-99    Qualitative Score Widget – Bar Graph View Figure 3-100    Qualitative Score Widget – Pie Graph View Figure 3-101    Qualitative Score Widget – Data View For more information on fields, refer to the field description table.Chapter 3 Execution Summary 3-150Table 3-103    Qualitative Score Widget - Field Description Field Description <Scoring Model Code> Displays the scoring model code resolved for credit decision. •When Is Application Decision Required  is Yes, the application level decision scoring code is displayed. •When Is Application Decision Required  is No, the applicant level decision scoring code is displayed. •When Is Application Decision Required  is No and Is Primary Applicant is No, the application level scoring code is displayed. Description Displays the scoring model description resolved for credit decision. Weightage Score/ Application ScoreDisplays the qualitative credit score post credit decision of the application. •When Is Application Decision Required  is Yes, the field name is displayed as  Application Score. The system performs the aggregation, which can be minimum, maximum or average of all applicant’s score. The aggregation performed is definedas rules and linked at the application level scoring model andthis aggregated score is displayed. •When Is Application Decision Required  is No, the field name is displayed as Weightage Score . The score is displayed by resolving the applicant level scoring model. •When Is Application Decision Required  is No, and Is Primary Applicant is No, the field name is displayed as Application Score . The system performs the aggregation, which can be minimum, maximum or average of all applicant’sscore. The aggregation performed is defined as rules andlinked at the application level scoring model and thisaggregated score is displayed.  Hover this icon to get the information about the formula forcalculation of score. <Applicant Name> Displays the applicant names present in the application. <Score> Displays the weighted credit score post credit decision of theapplication. The score is calculated for each applicant by resolving the applicant level scoring model. <Applicant Name> Displays the applicant names present in the application. Scoring Model Code Displays the applicant level scoring model code resolved for creditdecision. Description Displays the applicant scoring model description. Weightage Score Displays the weighted credit score post credit decision of theapplication. Hover this icon to get the information about the formula forcalculation of score.Chapter 3 Execution Summary 3-151Table 3-103    (Cont.) Qualitative Score Widget - Field Description Field Description Graph View Two graphical views are available. •Bar Graphs The details are shown as a graphical representation as bar charts.•List of question ID on the X-axis •Score on the Y-axis. Based on the evaluation of the category, the questions are shown in a particular color based on the maintenance done in the lookupsscreen. •Pie Charts The details are shown as a graphical representation as pie charts. The calculation logic for the question is (Score of the question/ Weightage score of the applicant)*100. The pis is shown from apool of colors available/defined in the code. Data View The scoring details are shown as mentioned below in data view. Question Code Displays the question code resolved for the applicant in the scoringmodel. Question Displays the question description resolved for the applicant in thescoring model. Value Displays the response received for the question in the payload. Score Displays the score calculated for the question based on the rangeand the response. In case any question was optional for which the response was not received, NA will be displayed. The following fields are displayed once you click the Quantitative Score widget. Figure 3-102    Quantitative Score Widget – Bar Graph View Chapter 3 Execution Summary 3-152Figure 3-103    Quantitative Score Widget – Pie Graph View Figure 3-104    Quantitative Score Widget – Data View For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-104    Quantitative Score Widget - Field Description Field Description <Scoring Model Code> Displays the scoring model code resolved for credit decision. •When Is Application Decision Required  is Yes, the applicationlevel decision scoring code is displayed. •When Is Application Decision Required  is No, the applicant level decision scoring code is displayed. •When Is Application Decision Required  is No and Is Primary Applicant is No, the multi applicant level scoring code is displayed. Click the hyperlink to view the rule executed to resolve the quantitative score. Show Rule Log Click to see the rule log. Click to expand the rule. Expression Displays the expression of the rule. Input Displays the input of the rule. Value Displays the value of the rule.Chapter 3 Execution Summary 3-153Table 3-104    (Cont.) Quantitative Score Widget - Field Description Field Description Description Displays the scoring model description resolved for credit decision. Weightage Score Displays the weightage score post credit decision of the application. •When Is Application Decision Required  is Yes, the system performs the aggregation, which can be minimum, maximum or average of all applicant’s score. The aggregation performed isdefined as rules and linked at the application level scoringmodel and this aggregated score is displayed. •When Is Application Decision Required  is No, the score is displayed by resolving the applicant level scoring model. •When Is Application Decision Required  is No and Is Primary Applicant  is No, the score is displayed by resolving multi applicant level scoring model. In case of Is Application Decision Required  is Yes, the system displays the hyperlink on the weightage score value. It shows theaggregate rule details. <Applicant Name> Displays the applicant names present in the application. <Score> Displays the weighted credit score post credit decision of theapplication. The score is calculated for each applicant by resolving the applicant level scoring model. In case of multi applicant scenario, weightage score per applicant is not shown. <Applicant Name> Displays the applicant names present in the application. Scoring Model Code Displays the applicant level scoring model code resolved for creditdecision. Applicant level scoring model is applicable for the below case. •If Is Application Decision required  is Yes •If Is Application Decision Required  is No, and Is Primary Applicant is Yes Multi applicant level scoring model is applicable in the below case.If Is Application Decision Required  is No, and Is Primary Applicant is No. Click the hyperlink to view the rule executed to resolve the quantitative score. Show Rule Log Click to see the rule log. Click to expand the rule. Expression Displays the expression of the rule. Input Displays the input of the rule. Value Displays the value of the rule. Description Displays the applicant scoring model description. Weightage Score Displays the weighted credit score post credit decision of theapplication. The weightage score is calculated for each applicant by resolving the applicant scoring model. In case of multi applicant scoring model, for both the applicant the same score is shown since the score is not calculated per applicant.Chapter 3 Execution Summary 3-154Table 3-104    (Cont.) Quantitative Score Widget - Field Description Field Description  Hover this icon to get the information about the formula for calculation of score. Graph View Two graphical views are available. •Bar Graphs The details are shown as a graphical representation as bar charts.•List of features on the X-axis •Weightage Score on the Y-axis. Based on the evaluation of the category, the feature are shown in a particular color based on the maintenance done in the lookupsscreen. Note: For Multi Applicant scoring model all graphs is shown inthe same color, as category evaluation is not applicable. •Pie Charts The details are shown as a graphical representation as pie charts. The calculation logic for the feature is (Weighted score of the feature/ Weightage score of the applicant)*100. The pie is shownfrom a pool of colors available/defined in the code. Data View The scoring details are shown as mentioned below in data view. Feature Displays the features resolved for the applicant in the scoringmodel.Click the hyperlink to view the rule executed to resolve thequantitative score. Show Rule Log Click to see the rule log. Click to expand the rule. Expression Displays the expression of the rule. Input Displays the input of the rule. Value Displays the value of the rule. Value Displays the value of the feature. Range Type Displays the range type for the feature. Range Displays the range resolved for the feature value for scoreresolution. Weightage % Displays the weightage defined for the feature in the scoring model. Score Displays the score calculated for the feature based on the rangeand feature value. Weightage Score Displays the weighed credit score post credit decision of theapplication. The following fields are displayed once you click the Decision and Grade  widget.Chapter 3 Execution Summary 3-155Figure 3-105    Decision and Grade Widget For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-105    Decision and Grade Widget - Field Description Field Description <Model Code> Displays the model code resolved for credit decision and grade. Show Rule Log Click to see the rule log. Click to expand the rule. Expression Displays the expression of the rule. Input Displays the input of the rule. Value Displays the value of the rule. Model DescriptionDisplays the model description resolved for credit decision and grade. Decision Displays the credit decision taken for the application. Grade Displays the scoring grade post credit decision of the application. QuantitativeScore Displays the quantitative score calculated for the application. If the feature is rule based, system displays the hyperlink. Show Rule Log Click to see the rule log. Click to expand the rule. Expression Displays the expression of the rule. Input Displays the input of the rule. Value Displays the value of the rule. Quantitative Score RangeDisplays the range resolved for the quantitative score value for score resolution. Qualitative ScoreDisplays the qualitative score calculated for the application. QualitativeScore Range Displays the range resolved for the qualitative score value for score resolution. Decision Displays the credit decision taken for the application. Rule ID Displays the decision taken for the application.Click the hyperlink to view the rule executed. Show Rule Log Click to see the rule log. Click to expand the rule. Expression Displays the expression of the rule.Chapter 3 Execution Summary 3-156Table 3-105    (Cont.) Decision and Grade Widget - Field Description Field Description Input Displays the input of the rule. Value Displays the value of the rule. Qualitative ScoreDisplays the qualitative score calculated for the application. If the feature is rule based, system displays the hyperlink. Show Rule Log Click to see the rule log. Click to expand the rule. Expression Displays the expression of the rule. Input Displays the input of the rule. Value Displays the value of the rule. Qualitative Score RangeDisplays the range resolved for the qualitative score value for score resolution. Quantitative ScoreDisplays the quantitative score calculated for the application. QuantitativeScore Range Displays the range resolved for the quantitative score value for score resolution. Grade Displays the scoring grade taken for the application. The following fields are displayed once you click the Pricing widget. Figure 3-106    Pricing Widget For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-106    Pricing Widget - Field Description Field Description <Pricing Model Code>Displays the pricing model code resolved for credit decision. Click the hyperlink to view the rule executed to resolve the pricing model. Show Rule Log Click to see the rule log. Click to expand the rule. Expression Displays the expression of the rule. Input Displays the input of the rule. Value Displays the value of the rule. Model DescriptionView the pricing model description resolved for credit decision. Rate Type View the rate type applicable post credit decision. Rate Percentage View the rate applicable post credit decision.Chapter 3 Execution Summary 3-157Table 3-106    (Cont.) Pricing Widget - Field Description Field Description Loan Amount View the eligible loan amount for the application. Loan Tenure View the loan tenure for the application. Loan Amount RangeView the range resolved for the loan amount value. Loan TenureRange View the range resolved for the loan tenure value. Rate % View the rate applicable post credit decision. 3.19 Integrating Decision Service with Oracle Banking Routing Hub This topic describes the information to integrate the Decision service with Oracle Banking Routing Hub. This topic contains the following subtopics: •Oracle Banking Routing Hub Configuration This topic describes the information about Oracle Banking Routing HubConfiguration for the Decision service. •Oracle Banking Origination to Decision Service ConfigurationThis topic describes the information about Oracle Banking Origination to DecisionService Configuration 3.19.1 Oracle Banking Routing Hub Configuration This topic describes the information about Oracle Banking Routing Hub Configurationfor the Decision service. •Service Consumers This topic describes systematic instructions to configure the service consumers. •Service ProvidersThis topic describes the systematic instructions to configure the service providers. 3.19.1.1 Service Consumers This topic describes systematic instructions to configure the service consumers. The Service Consumer  is an Oracle product that invokes Oracle Banking Routing Hub API. Oracle Banking Routing Hub analyses, evaluates the destination product processor and, transforms the data into a format of the same.The Service Consumer  comprises the source and destination integration details. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Home  screen, click Core Maintenance . Under Core Maintenance , click Routing Hub . 2.Under Routing Hub , click Service Consumers . The Service Consumers  screen displays.Chapter 3 Integrating Decision Service with Oracle Banking Routing Hub 3-158Figure 3-107    Service Consumers Add Service Consumer 3.Click Add. The Add Service Consumer  screen displays. Figure 3-108    Add Service Consumer 4.Specify the fields on Add Service Consumer  screen. Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table.Chapter 3 Integrating Decision Service with Oracle Banking Routing Hub 3-159Table 3-107    Add Service Consumer - Field Description Field Description Name Specify the name of the service consumer. Note: •Enter 0 to maximum of 255 characters. •No numeric value at beginning and no space allowed. Add To add, refer to step 5.Select the group from the drop-down list. The available options are: •Group •Variable Group Select the group from the drop-down list. Action Displays the action. The user can edit or delete the header. Name Displays the name of the header. Value Displays the value of the header. Environment Variables: The user must define the group of variables which can be accessed throughout thespecific consumer’s configuration. The syntax for accessing environment variables is below: $env.Environment_Group_Name.Environment_Variable_Name For example , $env.COMMON.BRANCH_CODE 5.To add Environment Variables , follow below steps. a.On Add Service Consumers , click Add and select Group  from drop-down list to add the group.The Add Environment Group  screen displays. Figure 3-109    Add Environment Group b.Specify the fields on Add Environment Group  screen and click OK.Chapter 3 Integrating Decision Service with Oracle Banking Routing Hub 3-160Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-108    Add Environment Group - Field Description Field Description Name Specify the name of the environment group. Note: •Enter 0 to maximum of 255 characters. •No numeric value at beginning and no space allowed. c.Click Add on Add Service Consumer  screen and select Variable  from drop-down list to add the variable. The Add Environment Variable  screen displays. Figure 3-110    Add Environment Variable d.Specify the fields on Add Environment Variable  screen and click OK. Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table.Chapter 3 Integrating Decision Service with Oracle Banking Routing Hub 3-161Table 3-109    Add Environment Variable - Field Description Field Description Name Specify the name of the environment variable. Note: •Enter 0 to maximum of 255 characters. •No numeric value at beginning and no space allowed. Value Specify the value of the environment variable.The value can either be hardcoded or Velocity mapping. 6.Click Save  to save the details. The Confirmation  screen displays. Figure 3-111    Confirmation - Add Service Consumers 7.Click Confirm  to save the record. Import Service Consumer 8.Click Import . The Import Service Consumer  screen displays.Chapter 3 Integrating Decision Service with Oracle Banking Routing Hub 3-162Figure 3-112    Import Service Consumer 9.Specify the fields on Import Service Consumer  screen and click OK. Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-110    Import Service Consumer - Field Description Field Description File Select the file using Select . Note: Allows only to select one file and accepts only JSON file. Extract Extracts the consumer name and service provider list from JSON file and displays it in the respective elements.Chapter 3 Integrating Decision Service with Oracle Banking Routing Hub 3-163Table 3-110    (Cont.) Import Service Consumer - Field Description Field Description Name Specify the name of the service provider. Note: •Enter 0 to maximum of 255 characters. •No numeric value at beginning and no space allowed. Name Displays the list of service providers names that are present inJSON file. 10.Click Import  to import the selected file. The Confirmation  screen displays. Figure 3-113    Confirmation - Import Service Consumer 11.Click Confirm  to import the service consumer. Note: Below data needs to be changed after importing provider configuration file: •Implementation Host and Port •Implementation Authentication Password View Service Consumer 12.Click 3 dots button (operation menu) and click View . The View Service Consumer  screen displays.Chapter 3 Integrating Decision Service with Oracle Banking Routing Hub 3-164Figure 3-114    View Service Consumer The user can click edit button to edit the Service Consumer . Edit Service Consumer 13.Click 3 dots button (operation menu) and click Edit. The Edit Service Consumer  screen displays. Figure 3-115    Edit Service Consumer Chapter 3 Integrating Decision Service with Oracle Banking Routing Hub 3-16514.Click Save  once the edit is done. The Confirmation  screen displays. Figure 3-116    Confirmation - Edit Service Consumer 15.Click Confirm  to save the record. Delete Service Consumer 16.Click 3 dots button (operation menu) and click Delete . The Confirmation  screen displays. Figure 3-117    Confirmation - Delete Service Consumer 17.Click Confirm  to delete the record. Export Service Consumer in JSON 18.Click 3 dots button (operation menu) and click Export . Select JSON . The Export Service Consumer  screen displays.Chapter 3 Integrating Decision Service with Oracle Banking Routing Hub 3-166Figure 3-118    Export Service Consumer - JSON Note: •The user has an option to select service providers from the list which needs to be exported or can click on select all for all service providers. •The JSON Export feature exports below data: –Selected service consumer –All consumer services –Selected service providers with services –Default implementation of selected service providers with services (without Host, Port and Authentication Password) –Default transformations –All default implementation routes 19.Select the required service providers and click Export . The Confirmation  screen appears.Chapter 3 Integrating Decision Service with Oracle Banking Routing Hub 3-167Figure 3-119    Confirmation - Export Service Consumer in JSON 20.Click Confirm  to export in JSON. Export Service Consumer in SQL 21.Click Export  and select SQL. The Confirmation  screen appears. Figure 3-120    Confirmation Note: The SQL Export feature exports entire configuration without Host, Port, and Authentication Password details. 22.Click Confirm  to export the Service Consumer in SQL. 3.19.1.2 Service Providers This topic describes the systematic instructions to configure the service providers. The Service Providers  are the product processors configure to process request send by oracle banking routing hub on behalf of service consumers. It comprises of the destination integration details. Specify User ID  and Password , and login to Home  screen. 1.On Home  Screen, click Core Maintenance , Under Core Maintenance , click Routing Hub . 2.Under Routing Hub , click Service Consumers .Chapter 3 Integrating Decision Service with Oracle Banking Routing Hub 3-1683.On Service Consumers  screen, click the required service consumer. The Service Providers  screen displays. Figure 3-121    Service Providers To Add Service Provider 4.Click Add. The Add Service Provider  screen displays. Figure 3-122    Add Service Provider 5.Specify the fields on Add Service Provider  screen.Chapter 3 Integrating Decision Service with Oracle Banking Routing Hub 3-169Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-111    Add Service Provider - Field Description Field Description Product Name Specify the product name of the service provider. Note: •Enter 0 to maximum of 255 characters. •No numeric value at beginning and no space allowed. Type Select the type of service provider from drop-down listThe available options are: •INTERNAL •EXTERNAL Version Specify the provider version. Note: •Enter 0 to maximum of 255 characters. •Only numeric or decimal values are allowed. Active Predefined values are Active / Inactive If provider is marked as inactive, then all related routes will bestopped. Add To add, refer to step 4. Actions Displays the action.The user can edit or delete the header. Name Displays the name of the header. Value Displays the value of the header. Type Select the type of service from drop-down list.The available options are: •WSDL •SWAGGER URL Specify the service URL of the file location. Import Click Import  to extract the service information from URL. Service Displays the extracted service from the selected URL. Operation Displays the extracted operation from the selected URL. HeadersChapter 3 Integrating Decision Service with Oracle Banking Routing Hub 3-170External product processor might require some standard headers to be passed along with the request. User can specify the headers which are required by service endpoints for its allimplementations but not present in swagger file. 6.To add Headers , follow below steps. a.Click Add. The Add Header  screen displays. Figure 3-123    Add Header b.Specify the fields on Add Header  screen and click OK. Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-112    Add Header - Field Description Field Description Name Specify the name of the header. Value Specify the value of the header. 7.Click Save  to save the details. The Confirmation  screen displays. Figure 3-124    Confirmation  Chapter 3 Integrating Decision Service with Oracle Banking Routing Hub 3-1718.Click Confirm  to save the record. Import Service Provider 9.Click Import . The Import Service Provider  screen displays. Figure 3-125    Import Service Provider Note: The fields marked as Required  are mandatory. For more information on fields, refer to the field description table. Table 3-113    Import Service Provider - Field Description Field Description File Select the file using Select  button. Note: Allows only to select one file and accepts only JSON file. 10.Click Import  to import the selected file. The Confirmation  screen displays.Chapter 3 Integrating Decision Service with Oracle Banking Routing Hub 3-172Figure 3-126    Confirmation - Import Note: Below data needs to be changed after importing provider configuration file: •Implementation Host and Port •Implementation Authentication Password 11.Click Confirm  to import the record. View Service Provider 12.Click 3 dots button (operation menu) and click View . The View Service Provider  screen displays. Figure 3-127    View Service Provider Chapter 3 Integrating Decision Service with Oracle Banking Routing Hub 3-173The user can click edit button to edit the Service Provider . Edit Service Provider 13.Click 3 dots button (operation menu) and click Edit. The Edit Service Provider  screen displays. Figure 3-128    Edit Service Provider 14.Click Save  once the edit is done. The Confirmation  screen displays. Figure 3-129    Confirmation - Edit Service Provider Chapter 3 Integrating Decision Service with Oracle Banking Routing Hub 3-17415.Click Confirm  to save the record. Delete Service Provider 16.Click 3 dots button (operation menu) and click Delete . The Confirmation  screen displays. Figure 3-130    Confirmation - Delete Service Provider 17.Click Confirm  to delete the record. Export Service Provider 18.Click 3 dots button (operation menu) and click Export . The Confirmation  screen displays. Figure 3-131    Confirmation - Export Service Provider Note: The following data cannot be exported: •Implementation Host •Implementation Port •Implementation Authentication Password The above data needs to be configured manually after importing the configuration file. Same has been mentioned in Import section. 19.Click Confirm  to export the record.Chapter 3 Integrating Decision Service with Oracle Banking Routing Hub 3-1753.19.2 Oracle Banking Origination to Decision Service Configuration This topic describes the information about Oracle Banking Origination to Decision Service Configuration This topic contains the following subtopics: •Fetch Credit Decision This topic describes about the figures for the fetch credit decision. 3.19.2.1 Fetch Credit Decision This topic describes about the figures for the fetch credit decision. Figure 3-132    Fetch Credit Decision – Header Chapter 3 Integrating Decision Service with Oracle Banking Routing Hub 3-176Figure 3-133    Fetch Credit Decision – Transformation Chapter 3 Integrating Decision Service with Oracle Banking Routing Hub 3-177Figure 3-134    Consumer Services Chapter 3 Integrating Decision Service with Oracle Banking Routing Hub 3-178